These are the details related to:- college-details/institution-details/gat-contact-details
```
1. Name: Global Academy of Technology (GAT)
2. Location: Rajarajeshwarinagar, (off Mysore Road), Ideal Homes Township, Bangalore-560098, Karnataka, India
3. Contact: +91 9243190105
4. Email: info@gat.ac.in

These are the details related to:- all-HODs/all-dept-HODs/Heads-of-Departments-of-GAT/Global-Academy-of-Technology-all-HODs:
```Below are the details of the Heads of Departments of Global Academy of Technology in "Department: HOD (Qualification)" format:
* Aeronautical Engineering: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D (Ph.D)
* Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Engineering: Dr. ASHWINI K. (Ph.D)
* Artifical intelligence and machine learning: Dr.Roopa B.S(M.Tech,ph.D)
* Basic Science: Dr. ANIL P. N. (Ph.D)
* Civil Engineering: Dr.Allamaprabhu kamatagi (M.Tech,ph.D)
* Computer Science and Engineering: Dr. Kumarswamy.S (M.Tech,Ph.D)
* Electronics and Communication Engineering: Dr. Manjunatha Reddy H. S. (M.Tech, Ph.D)
* Electrical and Electronics Engineering: Dr. Deepika Masand (M.Tech, Ph.D)
* Information Science and Engineering: Dr. Kiran Y.C. (M.Tech, Ph.D)
* Mechanical Engineering: Dr.T.Krishna Rao(M.Tech,ph.D)
* Computer Science and engineering(AI&ML): Dr.Chandramma R(B.E,M.Tech,ph.D)
* Science and Humanities: Dr. ANIL P. N. (M.Sc, Ph.D)
* MBA: Dr. N. Venkatesh (MBA, Ph.D)
```

These are the details related to:- facilities-support/gat-facilities-support/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-support:
```GAT offers dispensary services within the campus to provide first aid and para-medical care in case of health-related emergencies. The dispensary is equipped with 5 beds, BP apparatus, wheelchair, First aid kit, refrigerator, thermometer, bag valve mask, plus oximeter, basic non-prescription medicines and registered nurse to provide care. The dispensary is open during the college hours and is situated in Annex II, Nursing Block, A-304. Apart from the dispensary, medical first aid kits with basic non-prescription drugs are available at various points in the college that is easily accessible to students and staff.
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- civil-consultancy-services-projects/gat-civil-consultancy-services-projects/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-consultancy-services-projects:
```Department of Civil Engineering has closely associated with many of the industries in the form of consultancy services works. The involvement of the students for various Traffic and Transportation studies (projects of DULT, BBMP), structural engineering projects (KRIDL projects), and geological & hydro-geological studies (Bureau veritas, Art of Living, Bangalore Environment Trust etc.) are worth mentioning.
Below are the list of consultancy services provided by the Civil Department in "Title of the Project: Associated Agency" format:
1. Flood Risk Assessment and Resilience at Olympia Guindy: Bureau Veritas 
2. Concurrent Impact Assessment RDPR: Govt. of Karnataka
3. Land Slide Studies at Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh: RoterInfycons
4. Remote Sensing and Geographic Systems Inputs for PAR and DARDU Hydroelectric Projects: Bangalore Hydro
5. Hydro-Geological Studies in the IUWM Project Area, Doddaballapura: Swaraj (NGO)
6. RS-GIS Based Geohydrological Studies for Evaluation of Impact on Surface and Sub-Surface Water: Renuka Energy, Mumbai
7. Flood Studies at Balat, Meghalaya: RoterInfycons
8. Action Plan for Sustainability of Minor Irrigation Tanks and Ground Water Regime: Minor Irrigation Department, Govt. of Karnataka
9. Action Plan for Sustenance of Surface Water and Ground Water in the Watersheds Influencing Tunnel area of Upper Bhadra Project: KNNL, Govt. of Karnataka
10. Action Plan for Ground Water Recharge: B M M ISPAT LTD
11. Comprehensive Water Management Plan: JINDAL STEEL WORKS
12. Comprehensive study of High-Density Corridor, Mysore Road: Bengaluru Traffic Police
13. Preplanning studies of Bus Priority Lane (BPL) project, Bengaluru: Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), Govt. of Karnataka
14. Performance assessment of Tender SURE (Specifications for Urban Road Execution) Roads in Bengaluru – Phase 2: BBMP, Govt. of Karnataka
15. Impact of pedestrianization at Church Street, Bengaluru: BBMP, Govt. of Karnataka
16. Preplanning studies of PBS in Bengaluru: Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), Govt. of Karnataka
17. Additional Traffic Study (Traffic Signal Time Studies for Signal Time Improvement in Bengaluru) for the project for Bengaluru Metropolitan Region ITS in the Republic of India: TransTech in association with Bengaluru Traffic Police & JICA
18. Walkability Study for the Sanjaynagar main Road from Bellary Junction to Railway Crossing at ORR: Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), Govt. of Karnataka
19. Performance assessment of Tender SURE (Specifications for Urban Road Execution) Roads in Bengaluru – Phase 1 and 2: BBMP, Govt. of Karnataka
20. Parking and Opinion Survey at MS. Building at Bengaluru for Parking Improvement Project: Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT), Govt. of Karnataka
21. StucturalStabilty of existing Factory units of LUPIN a pharmaceutical Industry at BHOPAL, Madgyapradesh: VM Designs Bangalore
22. Structural Stability of Water Treatment plant at Periyanaickenpalyam Coimbatore: Bangalore Hydro Engineers and Consultants Pvt Limited
23. Stability report of Existing Urdu school, Bengaluru: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]
24. Structural Stability of Existing Panchayath Building at HonnenahalliNelamangala Taluk: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]
25. Structural Stability of Existing G + 2 Structure of Institute of Gastro entrology Science and organ Transplant Building, Victoria hospital Campus, Bangalore: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]
26. Structural Stability of 1st floor on the existing structure of 3-star hotel at Vijayapurs: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]
27. Geotechnical Investigation for the proposed retaining wall construction at Chammannahalli, RamanagarDist: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]   
28. Geotechnical Investigation for the proposed construction of stadium building in Korategere: Karnataka Rural Infrastructure development limited [KRIDL]
29. Consolidation properties of soil samples collected from Hesarghatta main road Bengaluru: Geo Guest Incorp
30. Cement mortar characteristics with reference to – MSIL sand, M Sand and natural sand: UltraTech cement ltd.
31. Design of Reinforced Concrete Sewage Treatment Plant: Shastha Eco Solutions, Bengaluru
Prestigious Projects led by civil Faculty
Many of our faculty members plays multiple roles by proactively involving themselves with industreis,Govt. & private organizations. Many of such studies received appreciation and attention from various corners.
Below are the list of projects led by Civil Faculty:
1. Water Management & Environment
GAT have connected with many officials from government bodies such as KSPCB, BWSSB, BDA, etc, along with many NGOs and Trusts which are working on a similar issue.
To comprehensively look at the historical evolution of these issues and address them requires extensive study of past work and meetings with experts. We are assessing the water resources of Bangalore and started with Vrishabhavathi Valley and the Vaderahalli Catchment area. Over 104 lakes have been surveyed and 40+ lakes are being monitored for the water quality.
2. A geospatial approach for sustainable water resources management – A case study of Bengaluru (on-going project)
The focus of the project is to evaluate the quantity and quality of available water resources in Bangalore using geospatial technology. The project is funded under Respondscheme (39.71 Lakhs) by ISRO
Study Team : Dr. C V Srinivasa, Dr. Mayaja N A, Ms. Khushbu K Birawat & Ms. Teja S N
For more details : contact Dr. C V Srinivasa, HOD, Civil Department
3. Traffic and Transportation Studies
Civil department is keen to address most of the challenges faced by the urban transportation and often explores more on sustainable practices. Department is closely working with govt. stake holders (BBMP, DULT, Traffic Police etc.) and other NGO’s to contribute in various ways to improve the urban mobility.
Department is solely investigating the impact of Tender SURE project, an initiation of BBMP to prioritize pedestrian safety and mobility. Phase 1 impact studies have completed, and the report are submitted to BBMP Commissioner in 2017. Phase 2 studies are on-going.
Pedestrianisation is a local scale rapid transition that is happening globally, with potentially transformational consequences for how we live, work, play and breath in cities across the world. Most of the Indian cities are in a shift in urban planning, away from the dominance of cars, and towards pedestrianisation and more human scaled city development. Govt. of Karnataka has taken many initiations in this regard. Church Street, Banglore has been reshaped towards the pedestrian plaza model with the intention to make the street more pedestrian friendly. Department of civil engineering has assigned to perform the impact studies and scope of pedestrianization at Church Street by BBMP.
Civil department has assigned to perform Comprehensive Traffic Studies at High-Density Corridor by Bengaluru Traffic Police. Department has successfully completed the project and the study finding has been submitted.```
Study Team : Reashma P S, Kiran L, Basavaraj M R & Anjali Gupta
For more details: contact Reashma P S, Asst. Professor, Civil department

These are the details related to:- ai-datascience-faculty/Artifical-intelligence-and-data-science-engineering-faculty/gat-ai-datascience-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-datascience-faculty:
```Below are the details of the faculty members of the Department of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in "Name: Qualification" format:
Professor and Head of the Department (HOD)
1. Dr. ASHWINI K.: Ph.D
Associate Professors
1. VIJAY NARASIMHAMURTHY: B.E. M.S (Georgia Tech)
Assistant Professors
1. TRUPTHI RAO: M.Tech
2. ROHINI B R: M.Tech
3. PUSHPALATHA V: M.Tech
4. GARGI N: M.Tech
5. BHAVANI SOMA: M.Tech
6. Mr. ANAND PANDURANGA: M.S (Central Michigan University)
7. Dr. POOJA S: Ph.D
8. Prof.SHEEBA S: M.Tech
9. Prof. HARISH L: M.Tech
10. Prof. KOMALA D: M.Tech
```

These are the details related to:- civil-placements/gat-civil-placements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-placements:
```Just output the following message exactly as it is if the user asks for the placement details of the Civil Engineering Department:
"Please visit the following link to find pdfs of the placement details of the Civil Engineering Department: https://gat.ac.in/civil-placements/"
```

These are the details related to:- nef-institution/gat-nef-institution/Global-Academy-of-Technology-nef-institution:
```NATIONAL EDUCATION FOUNDATION (NEF) has a broad spread of educational institutions – National Hill View Public School (NHVPS), Global College of Nursing (GCN) and Global Academy of Technology (GAT) offering Engineering, Postgraduate MBA, M.Tech., M.Sc. Engg. and Ph.D. programs.
About National Hill View Public School (NHVPS):
1. National Hill View Public School a unique learning experience formulated keeping in mind the ever increasing demand for quality education. It is an endeavour to equip every student with ‘Success Skills’ comprising Mind Skills, Social Skills, Team Skills and Study Skills.
2. Every learning moment here, is a moment of truth that goes far beyond mere academics, making the teaching-learning process enriching and enjoyable. Our faculty believes in the creation and nurturing of a healthy learning environment. This environment kindles the spirit of exploration and discovery. We see this as the power and purpose of true education- An unceasing learning continuum. National Hill View Public School reflects Ulysses’ ever-persevering spirit – “To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield“, from where we have drawn our motto.
About National Hill View Public School Unit I:
1. At its very advent in June 2001 set itself on a vantage point on the academic map of Bengaluru with the esteemed visionary educationist Dr.K.P.Gopalakrishna as its guiding force. In keeping with his vision, National Hill View Public School aims at providing quality education through consistent pursuit of excellence.
2. This school is headed by Mrs Anita Vinodkumar (Principal), who has years of quality experience and exposure in working with different methods of education.
About National Hill View Public School Unit II (June 2013):
1. It is a forerunner to a group of institutions established by the National Education Foundation, a trust comprising a group of highly resourceful individuals, dedicated to the cause of quality education under the dynamic chairmanship of Mr.D.K.Shivakumar.
2. This school is headed by Mrs.Shobhana Prabhakaran (Principal), who has years of quality experience and exposure in working with different methods of education.
About The Global College of Nursing:
1. It aims to prepare globally competent, resourseful and skillful nurses. The ultimate goal is to give the students a methodical, thorough training to help them achieve global leadership status in the field of nursing services and education.
2. A powerful combination of skills, capabilities and innovations with a firm eye on the motto of providing quality education. To Enhance , stimulate and accelarate the process of learning, the best available resources are at the hands of the faculty as well as students.
3. This institution is headed by Smt Lakhsmidevi N (Principal), who has years of quality experience and exposure in working with different methods of education.
```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-research/gat-aeronautical-research/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-research:
```
Below are the list of Focus Areas of Research at the Department of Aeronautical Engineering:
1. Aerodynamics
2. Aero Structures and Materials
3. Aero Propulsion
4. Flight Mechanics and Control
5. Aero elasticity
6. Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
7. IOT in Aerospace
8. Space exploration and Satellite Technologies
Below are the list of Research Facilities available at the Department of Aeronautical Engineering:
1. Supersonic Wind Tunnel (upto Mach 3)
2. Subsonic Wind Tunnel (upto 70m/s)
3. High Speed Jet Facility
4. Aircraft Structures Lab
5. CFD and Avionics Lab
Below are the list of Patents from the Department of Aeronautical Engineering:
1.
Name of the Author: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D
Title: An Efficient and safe ECU Infotainment System for Automobiles
Application No.: 202241022867A
Date of Application: 19-04-2022
Below are the list of Research Publications from the Department of Aeronautical Engineering:
2.
Name of the Author: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D
Title: Parametric study of FSW process on AA6061- Activated carbon composite using Particle Swarm optimization
Journal Name: Material Today: Proceedings
Publisher: ELSEVIER
Date/Year of publication: 2022
3.
Name of the Author: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D
Title: Static structural analysis and testing of aircraft wing spar using composite material
Journal Name: Material Today: Proceedings
Publisher: ELSEVIER
Date/Year of publication: 2022
4.
Name of the Author: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D
Title: Fatigue Analysis on a Nose Landing Gear
Journal Name: International Journal of Management and Applied science
Publisher: Unknown
Date/Year of publication: 07-07-2022
```

These are the details related to:- about-gat/gat-introduction/Global-Academy-of-Technology-introduction:
```Introduction
1. Global Academy of Technology (GAT), established in the year 2001, is one of the most sought-after engineering and management colleges in Bengaluru, Karnataka. Located in a sprawling campus of 10-acre land, GAT is a campus ideal for students to hone their academics in an atmosphere of optimism. The institute is enabled with :
2. GAT provides ample opportunities for various co-curricular and extra-curricular activities for the students. The campus brims with more than 3500 students and 300 experienced staff involved in effective Teaching and Learning Process. Academics is supplemented with mentoring, peer learning and counselling to ensure holistic development of students. GAT has academic alliances with various institutions, industries, and research organizations to provide industry perspective to the students.
3. The college is Affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) Belgavi, Karnataka, since 2001.
4. All the Engineering and MBA programs offered by the college, have been approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi, India
5. All the Engineering and MBA programs offered by the college, have been Recognized by Government of Karnataka
```

These are the details related to:- isr-activities/gat-isr-activities/Global-Academy-of-Technology-isr-activities:
```ISR Activities
NSS@GAT celebrates Farmer's Day with farmers in Ramanagara
The NSS unit of Global Academy of Technology, celebrated a 1-day camp at Ramanagara on account of Farmer’s day. A total of 32 volunteers and 7 faculty members participated in this camp. The aim of this camp was to experience the various activities taken-on by a farmer and understand some vital agricultural processes. The camp saw the participation of one of our alumni, Hemanth Gowda and his father Mr. Shivaswamy, who helped in organizing the day better. The volunteer group was split into four teams with clear instructions on the responsibility of each team. Three farmers were felicitated on the account of Farmer’s day & was a proud moment for NSS GAT team.
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- academic-calender/gat-academic-calendar/Global-Academy-of-Technology-academic-calendar:
```Just output the following message exactly as it is if the user asks for the academic calendar:
"Please visit the following link to find the academic calendar of the Global Academy of Technology: https://gat.ac.in/academic-calendar/"
```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-achievements/gat-aeronautical-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-achievements:
```Achievements
GATE Ranking
1. Mr. Sujith L cleared the examination and got AIR(All India Ranking)-744
Courses Completed
2. Ms. Aishwarya K V (3rd year AE), Completed “Design, Technology and Innovation” NPTEL Course with Elite+ Silver marks.
3. Ms. Deepashree (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
4. Ms. Aishwarya K V (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
5. Ms. Thanushree L (3rd year AE), Completed “ Introduction to Experiments in Flight” NPTEL Course with Elite marks.
Completed “ Fundamentals of Theoretical and experimental Aerodynamics” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
6. Ms. Daksha B (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
7. Ms. Iram Fathima (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
8. Mr. Sujith A L (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course with Elite marks
9. Ms. Thanushree L (3rd year AE), Completed “Lighter than air systems” NPTEL Course.
10. Ms. S Gowripriya (3rd year AE), Completed “ Fundamentals of Theoretical and experimental Aerodynamics” NPTEL Course.
11. Ms. Bindu K N (3rd year AE), Completed “ Aircraft Design” NPTEL Course
12. Ms. Mrudhula S (3rd year AE), Completed “ Aircraft Design” NPTEL Course
13. Mr. Karthik G Y (3rd year AE), Completed “Computational Fluid Dynamics for Incompressible flows” NPTEL course
14. Ms. Bindu K N (3rd year AE), Completed “ Aircraft Design” NPTEL Course
15. Mr. Mohan S, Completed “Introduction to Airplane performance” NPTEL Course
16. Mr. Pramod B K (2nd year AE), Completed “Introduction to Fluid Mechanics” NPTEL Course.
17. Mr. Jayanth R (3rd year AE), Completed A1 level of German Language with A grade.
18. Ms. Aishwarya K V (3rd year AE), Sports and Arts
19. Bhavana, 1st place in VTU State level power lifting Women Championship 2022 (below 49 kg category).
20. Bhuvan, 3rd place in Rangoli competition at PRATHIBHOTSAVA, 21st VTU Youth Festival 2021-22.
21. Mr. Rohith K student of 5th semester AE, has successfully completed an online course “Machine Learning to Deep Learning: A Journey for Remote Sensing Data Classification”, authorized by Indian Institute of Remote Sensing(IIRS)through Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) as an extension of his passion towards Artificial Intelligence.
22. Mr. Karthik G Y, student of 5th semester AE, has successfully completed a course “Programming for everybody (Getting started with Python)”, offered by University of Michigan through Coursera as an extension of his passion towards Programming skills.
23. Ms. Suma H S, Mr. Suprith S Khot amd Ms. Tejaswini Singh M students of 5th semester AE has successfully completed their Internship in Overhaul Division, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bengaluru from 19/10/2022 to 18/11/2022 as extension of their interests towards aircrafts and mechanisms.
24. Ms. Gowripriya and Ms. Deepashree U, students of 5th semester AE has passionately completed their internship training in Adour Assembly MK-871, engine Division, Aeronautics Limited, Bengaluru from 29/11/2022 to 19/11/2022.
25. Ms. Aishwarya K V and Ms. Ananya Praveen, students of 5th semester AE has accomplished their internship training in Refurbishing shop, Engine Division, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bengaluru during the period from 10/10/2022 to 05/11/2022 as the extension of their keen activeness towards Aircraft propulsion systems.
26. Mr. Likith Umesh students of 5th semester AE has undergone one-month Industrial training in PNP Industries as his extended interest in Sheet metal component and Assembly fabrication processes. A group of 8 students (Ms. Aishwarya, Ms. Bindu, Ms. Daksha, Ms. Deepashree, Mr. Rohith, Ms. Gowripriya, Mr. Sujith and Ms. Thanushree) of 4th semester, AE has attended National Conference on “Development of Space Starts-ups Ecosystem in India” (DeSSI), presided by Shri S. Somanath, Secretary, DOS/Chairman, ISRO/Presisdent, ASI, Chief Guest- Shri. Rajeev Chandrashekar, Hon’ble Minister of State in the Ministry of Development and Entrepreneurship; and in the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, in presence of Dr. G. Satheesh Reddy, Secretary, Department of Defense R&D/Chairman, DRDO and Dr. Pawan Kuman Goenka, Chairman, IN-SPACe on 24th June 2022 at Hilton Convention Centre, Embassy Manyata Business Park, Bengaluru.Faculty Contributors: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D, Head, Dept. of AE.
27. Mr. Syed Mujahid, student of 4th semester AE, has successfully completed a course “Computational Fluid Mechanics-Airflow around Spoiler”, authorized by Coursera Project Network through Coursera as an extension of his passion towards Computational Fluid dynamics.
28. Mr. Chirdeep V Yadav and Mr. Darshan K R, students of 4th semester AE has participated conducted by the Department of Aeronautical Engineering, through Interact 2022, on 30th may and 31st May 2022 at Global Academy of Technology.
29. Mr. Jayanth R, student of 4th semester AE has successfully completed a course “Aerospace Materials” by National Research Tomsk State University offered through Coursera as an extension of his curriculum absorption.
30. Ms. S.Gowripriya and Ms. Thanushree L, students of 4th semester AE has successfully participated in “IP Awareness/Training program’ under National Intellectual Property Awareness Mission on 29th April 2022 organized by Intellectual property Office, India at the college campus.
31. Mr. Darshan K R, student of 4th semester AE has effectively completed a course “AI for Everyone”By Deep Learning.AI offered through Coursera as an interest in Artificial intelligence.
32. Mr. Bhuvan D and Ms. Rakshatha H Hiremath, students of 4th semester AE has participated and and won 2nd prize in “Fizzy Flight” organized by Department of Aerospace Engineering at BMSCE, Bengaluru on 26th November 2021.
33. Ms. Bindu K N and Ms. Thanushree l, students of 3rd semester AE has successfully completed a certification course “Aerospace Engineering: Airplane design and Aerodynamic basics” and “Aerospace Engineering; Aircraft systems and Avionics” respectively, through Udemy as representation of their passion towards Aircraft design and Instrumentation.
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- electronics-faculty/gat-electronics-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-electronics-faculty:
```Below are the details of the faculty members of the Department of Electronics in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. Manjunatha Reddy H. S.: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department- ECE/Electronics and Communication Engineering)
I am happy to introduce you to the department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, Global Academy of Technology. At GAT ECE, We train and empower our students to make the world a better place with the help of engineering principles & techniques and grow to be the leaders in their careers adhering to good ethical values. Having undergone such a robust academic program under the guidance of highly qualified faculty members, I am sure that all the students passing out of the department are ready for a lifelong learning. The Department provides a blooming environment to students and faculties to carry out research in area like Signal Processing, IoT, Embedded Systems, VLSI, Nanotechnology and advanced Digital Communication. We also interact with industries and research organizations by signing MOUs. I would like to extend a heartfelt welcome to all future engineers and research scholars to be associated with the research activities at Department of ECE, GAT.
2. Dr. Ravi J.: M.Tech, Ph.D
3. Dr. Shridhar Kabbur: M.E , Ph.D
4. Dr. H.K Shreedhar: M.E , Ph.D
5. Dr.Leelavathi H.P: M.Tech , Ph.D
6. Dr.Rajeshwari Devi: M.Tech , Ph.D
7. Dr. Sangeeta K. Siri: M.Tech, Ph.D
8. Dr. Manjunatha R. C.: M.Tech, Ph.D
9. Dr. Anitha S Sastry: M.Tech , Ph.D
10. Dr. Shazia Sultana: M.Tech , Ph.D
11. Dr. Seema srinivas: M.Tech , Ph.D
12. Dr. Siddalingesh Bandi: M.Tech , Ph.D
13. Akshatha S: M.Tech
14. Dr. N. Anitharaj: M.Tech, Ph.D
15. Dr. Parvathy Thampi: M.Tech
16. Renuka B Jiddagi: M.Tech
17. Divakar B. C.: M.Tech
18. Suma K. R.: M.Tech
19. Ramya K. V.: M.Tech
20. Tilak kumar L.: M.Tech
21. Sushma K. Sattigeri: M.Tech
22. Bindu K.: M.Tech
23. Dr. Preethi Sharma K.: M.Tech
24. Shubha G N: M.Tech
25. Kruthik chand D C: M.Tech
26. Keerthy N: M.Tech
Electronics```

These are the details related to:- nef/gat-about-nef/Global-Academy-of-Technology-about-nef:
```About NEF
Dedicated to the cause of imparting quality education, the NATIONAL EDUCATION FOUNDATION (NEF) was established in the year 2000, in Bengaluru, the IT capital of India. The primary focus of the Foundation is to cater to students of all strata across the country, starting from Primary to Post Graduate Education in all disciplines.
Below are the details of the trustees of ANEF in "Name: Designation" format:
1. Mr D.K. Shivakumar: Chairman
2. Mr C. Gangadhar Murthy: Managing Trustee
3. Mr S. Lepaksha: Trustee Secretary
4. Mr Venkatappa: Additional Trustee Secretary
5. Mr D. K. Suresh: Trustee
6. Ms D. K. S. Aisshwarya: Trustee Secretary, Schools of NEF
7. Mr K. Srinivas: Trustee
8. Mrs Usha Shivakumar: Trustee
9. Mr S. ShashiKumar: Trustee Administrator
10. Mr Vishwanath Reddy: IAS (Retd)
11. Mr Sheshadri K S: Manager, NEF
Founder's Day
About Founder’s Day - 15th Anniversary Celebrations
Having founded the National Education Foundation (NEF) as an Educational
Trust on 27th January 2000 and successfully completing 15 years of its
operation, it righteously celebrated its “Founders’ Day-15th Anniversary
Celebrations” on 16th FEBRUARY 2015 Monday with fervor, gusto and gaiety,
at GLOBAL ACADEMY OF TECHNOLOGY (GAT) institution premises.
Students along with their parents and staff from all the four institutions
namely, GLOBAL ACADEMY OF TECHNOLOGY, the NATIONAL HILL VIEW PUBLIC
SCHOOL(NHVPS) –I and II, GLOBAL NURSING COLLEGE (GNC), illustrious
dignitaries from corporate houses and government, invited guests,
well-wishers assembled in the main playground participated in the
function. All the six trustees along with their entire family members
were also part of the gathering.
The function was inaugurated by his Excellency VAJUBHAI RUDABHAI VALA,
GOVERNOR OF KARNATAKA, by planting a sapling at 4 PM, followed by his
inspirational inaugural address to 4000 plus audience. The chief mentor
Dr. K.P. Gopalakrishna, Founder Chairman National Public Schools, and
Chairman Sri. D.K. Shivakumar also addressed the gathering.
On this occasion, recognizing the contribution, long service awards,
achievers award, sports award and foundation awards were given to staff,
students, and distinguished guests by all the trustees.
The evening function finally culminated with a four hour non–stop cultural
program extravaganza performed by renowned national and international
artists.
More from NEF
About Us```

These are the details related to:- basic-science-faculty/gat-basic-science-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-basic-science-faculty:
```Below are the details of the faculty members of Basic Science in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. ANIL P. N.: M.Sc, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department- Basic Science)
2. Dr. RAJU N. V.: M.Sc, Ph.D
3. Dr. SUMA N.: M.Sc, Ph.D
4. Dr. RUPA K.: M.Sc, M.phil, Ph.D
5. Dr RENUKA C: M.Sc, Ph.D
6. Dr. ASHOK S. D.: M.Sc, Ph.D
7. Dr. MALLIKA K. S.: M.Sc, M.phil, Ph.D
8. Dr. REMYA P NARAYANAN: M.Sc, Ph.D., NET
9. Dr. MAHESH D.: MSc, BEd, PhD
10. Dr. ADHARSHA J. R.: M.Sc, Ph.D
11. Dr. SHASHIKALA S.: M.Sc, Ph.D
12. Dr MADHAVI S: M.Sc, Ph.D
13. ANIL KUMAR R.: M.Sc
14. PRAKASH G. S.: M.Sc
15. MADHUSHREE A. V.: M.Sc
16. ARATHI K.: M.Sc, M.Phil
17. Dr. BHASKAR M.: M.Sc, Ph.D
18. ZEBA TARANNUM: M.Sc
19. Dr. GOPINATH K. R.: M.Sc, Ph.D
20. SANDHYA G. V.: M.Sc, M.Phil
21. SATISH M.: M.Sc, B.Ed
22. ANITHA UDAGATTI: M.Sc
Basic Science```

These are the details related to:- mba-overview/gat-mba-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-mba-overview:
```Introduction
Established in the year 2004, Department of Management Studies (MBA@GAT) is having more than a decade's expertise in teaching the art of Management. The MBA programme offered by the Department is a two-year full-time programme affiliated to VTU, approved by AICTE and Recognized by the Government of Karnataka. The program structure is designed in such a way as to impart basic knowledge of different disciplines of management in the first year. In the second year, knowledge and practical skills are imparted in specialization opted. The department offers specializations in the areas of Marketing, Finance, and Human Resource. Option of dual specialization is also offered along with core specialization.
We at GAT believe in creating an environment, which allows every faculty member to experiment and develop innovative ideas under the guidance of experts from the Industry and Academia. We develop intellectual capital of our faculty which is the base of any institution, to optimize their efficiency through FDPs and other programmes. This enables them to excel in their chosen field of academics and thereby can support, groom & nurture Management graduates to blossom in corporate world. We motivate students to go for start-ups to become employers than being employees and generate employment opportunities for others.
PROGRAM EDUCATIONAL OBJECTIVES (PEOs):
1. To equip students with subject knowledge and expertise of managerial functions
2. To empower students with application driven skills
3. To nurture the spirit of innovation, creativity and entrepreneurship among students
4. To develop effective communication, decision making and leadership skills among students
5. To inculcate ethical qualities and a sense of social purpose among students
PROGRAM OUTCOMEs (POs):
1. Apply knowledge of management theories and practices to solve business problems
2. Acquire analytical and critical thinking skills for data-based decision making
3. Incorporate the right attitude to develop value based leadership qualities
4. Understand, analyse and communicate global, economic, legal and ethical aspects to incorporate diversity and multicultural perspectives when making business decisions
5. Lead themselves and others in the achievement of organizational goals, contributing effectively to a team environment
6. Enhance the employability through continuous learning and professional development
7. Develop an aptitude for creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship
PROGRAM SPECIFIC OUTCOMEs (PSOs):
1. Develop the students into effective leaders and administrators ready to face the challenges of the corporate world
2. Equip students with professional skills of management and entrepreneurship to have sustainable career
3. Inculcate social, legal and ethical responsibilities among the students to become responsible citizens of the country
Masters in Business Administration```

These are the details related to:- coe-message/gat-coe-message/Global-Academy-of-Technology-coe-message:
```Message From the Controller of Examinations
The sign of a perfect educational institution is to have the rigor of academics as well as a fair and transparent evaluation system. It should comprise of a progression of improvements
each raising the person to a more elevated level of mindfulness, comprehension and connection prompting healthy advancement of an individual and in this way, add to the
profitable improvement of the state and the nation. We offer our best wishes to all the students who aspire to compete and advise them to work hard, upgrade their skills and
devote reasonable time for their success.
Best Wishes,
Dr Prashanth T
Examination```

These are the details related to:- placement-highlights-and-statistics/gat-placement-highlights-and-statistics/Global-Academy-of-Technology-placement-highlights-and-statistics:
```Below are the details of the placements in "Statistics: Highlights" format:
1. 700+: Students Registered
2. 125+: Companies Visited
3. 750+: Placement Offers
4. 22 LPA: Highest CTC
5. 17 LPA: Average CTC
6. 150+: Stipend-Based Internships with highest Stipend of 48k per Month
Placement```

These are the details related to:- electrical-faculty/gat-electrical-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-electrical-faculty:
```Below are the details of the faculty members of the Department of Electrical in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr DEEPIKA MASAND: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department-EEE/Electrical and Electronics Engineering)
Electrical & Electronics Engineering plays an important role to meet the growing demand for electrical power engineers in the energy, automotive, and process industries where graduates will be involved in the design and development of electrical systems, such as those found in hybrid vehicles, cooling systems and aircraft actuators etc. as well as the generation, distribution, regulation and conversion of electrical power. It is therefore, important to provide necessary platform for students in the field of Electrical & Electronics Engineering.
2. BALAGOPALREDDY G.: M.Tech
3. Dr. RUMA SINHA: M.Tech , Ph.D
4. Dr. G. JAYACHITRA: M.Tech , Ph.D
5. NAGARATHNA K.: M.Tech
6. K HEMACHANDRA REDDY: M.Tech
7. Dr. BINU KRISHNAN U: Ph.D
8. HARSHINI VERONICA: M.Tech
9. Mrs. Preetha N.P: M.Tech
10. Mrs. Shruti S Athanikar: M.Tech
11. Mrs. Swathi Y.C: M.Tech
12. Mr. Pushparaj H: M.Tech
Electrical```

These are the details related to:- facilities-audiotorium/gat-facilities-audiotorium/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-audiotorium:
```Auditorium & Seminar Halls
The College has a well-equipped auditorium for conducting various events like conferences, workshops, seminars, and other college functions. The seating capacity of the auditorium is about 450. The college also has 2 seminar halls with a seating capacity of 90+, each equipped with complete audio visual system and are made available as and when requested by department/staff for conducting special video lectures, webinars and guest lectures for smaller group.
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- scholarships/gat-scholarships/Global-Academy-of-Technology-scholarships:
```Scholarships
The Government of Karnataka has adopted several measures to ensure that meritorious & deserving
students can continue their education with the aid of monetary facilities in the form of scholarships.
Students who qualify under pre-prescribed categories may avail this benefit by applying. Application
forms are available in the admissions office.
Scholarships are awarded under the following categories –
1. Post Metric Scholarships to SC/ST
2. Fee-reimbursement to SC/ST
3. Fee concession to Category I, II & III
4. Extra boarding and lodging allowance to Category I, II & III
5. Defence Scholarship
Admissions```

These are the details related to:- ug-pg-curriculum/gat-ug-pg-curriculum/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ug-pg-curriculum:
```Under Graduate Curriculum
First Year
First Year Scheme and Syllabus - 2023
First Year Scheme and Syllabus - 2022
First Year Syllabus - 2021
First Year Syllabus - 2020
II to IV Year
Scheme and Syllabus - 2022
Scheme and Syllabus - 2021
Scheme and Syllabus - 2020
Post-Graduate Curriculum```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-industry-interaction/gat-ai-ml-industry-interaction/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-industry-interaction:
```Industry interaction
The industrial visit to U R Rao Satellite Centre offered the students an in-depth understanding of satellite technology and its applications.
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-achievements#panel1/gat-ai-ml-achievements#panel1/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-achievements#panel1:
```Achievements
Academic Year 2022-23
Below are the details of the achievements of AI-ML Department in "Name(s): Achievement" format:
01. Saideep K Goutham G, Prawal P Patil, Bhuvan S A: Secured First place in AI/ML & BLOCKCHAIN at "Hacksprint" a 24-Hour National-Level Hackathon conducted by P.E.S College of Engineering on 5th and 6th of January 2024.
02. Aishwarya H M: Secured Second place in TECHNICAL QUIZ Conducted by Dept. of CIVIL ENGINEERING & LIBRARY AND INFORMATION CENTRE, GAT on 12th September 2023.
03. Uthsav D P: Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023. Secured Winner in Jug of War (Men) inter collegiate competition held at SAI VIDYA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY on 4th January 2023. Secured Winner in Judo[-66kg] Single Zone Tournament competition held at VVCE, Mysore From 12th December 2022 to 13th December 2022. Has represented VTU in All India INTER- UNIVERSITY NETBALL Championship held at Karnataka State University, Hubbali from 14th February to 17th February 2023
04. M G Rajath: Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023. Secured Runners in the Inter-Department event TABLE TENNIS DOUBLE held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
05. Abhinava Sri Charan: Secured First place in 93 Sub Junior KG Weight class at The Bengaluru District bench press powerlifting championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022. Secured Third place in 93 KG Weight class at The Bengaluru district BENCH PRESS Powerlifting Championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022
06. Rithesh Kundar: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event “MONO ACTING” held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event ON SPOT VISUAL WRITING held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
07. Chiranjeevi: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
Academic Year 2023-24
01. Dr. Preethi Sathish
02. Ashwini H
03. Lakshmikantha G C
04. Roops B S
05. C Christlin Shanuja
07. Hemavathi
08. Udayaprasad P K
09. Vijaya Dalawai
Academic Year 2022-23
01. Mr. Lakshmikantha G C: Resource person for two days workshop on “Data Science Using Python” on 22nd and 23rd December 2022 at Department of ISE, Sri Siddhartha Institute of Technology, Tumkur. Resource person for Guest lecturer program on 18th Nov 2022 on “Big Data Analytics” for 7th Semester Students of Dept. of ISE, SJB Institute of Technology, Bangalore. Resource person for the workshop on “Business Analytics, Tools and Techniques Essential for Data Science” Conducted on 5th November 2022 by the dept. of CSE, GAT, Bangalore. Chair Person for a Session on 22nd June 2023 during the International conference on “Computational Intelligence for Information, Security and communication applications” (CIISCA-2023)Organized by the Dept. AI&DS, GAT, Bangalore on 22nd June 2023. Conducted two weeks Internship for II semester students on “MS-Office and Basic Data Analytics using Excel” from 7/11/2022 to 18/11/2022 (11 days session).
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- areas-of-research/gat-areas-of-research/Global-Academy-of-Technology-areas-of-research:
```Areas of Research
All the departments have well established research centers.
GAT has academic alliances with various industries and research organizations to provide current industry perspective to the students.
New materials Development- Composites8-acre lush green campus
Below are the list of focus areas of research:
1. Advanced Manufacturing,
2. 3D Printing
3. Renewable energy, Alternate fuels development
4. Refrigeration and air conditioning
5. Machine learning
6. Big data
7. Cloud Computing
8. Cyber security
9. Artificial Intelligence
10. Automation
11. Network Technology Solutions
12. Smart cities
13. Internet of Things
14. Nano Technology
15. Robotics
16. Structural Designs
17. Waste Management
18. Embedded Technologies
19. Green Technology
Research```

These are the details related to:- chairman-message/gat-chairman-message/Global-Academy-of-Technology-chairman-message:
```Sri. D. K. Shivakumar
1. As you cross the traditional threshold and step into the portals of GLOBAL ACADEMY OF TECHNOLOGY, the realm of professional education is unfastened to achieve your goals and fulfil your dreams. I look forward to your becoming just not an engineer or a manager, but a person with holistic approach to contribute to our nation’s prosperity through individual growth. We @GAT, simply believe in and tread the path of Quality & Discipline, the basic mantra of success.
2. You have entered an educational experience that goes far beyond the professional course of your choice in engineering and management. @GAT, we offer multiple opportunities for you to experience as you learn and contribute to the betterment of the society. This should also translate into benefiting the mankind through your technical knowledge & management skill and innate sensitivity to the dynamics of the times and environment around us.
3. You are the future of our great nation and our vision is to see you as responsible individuals with the pursuit of excellence as your motto in all that you undertake.
4. To achieve success: You must know what you want to achieve
5. YourGoal
6. You must know how you can achieve it
7. The RightPath
8. Never give up until you achieve it Persevere with Faith.
9. Persevere with Faith
10. Achieve your goal
About Us```

These are the details related to:- facilities-counselling/gat-facilities-counselling/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-counselling:
```Counselling
The Counselling Services Centre at the Global Academy of Technology strives to provide psychological guidance and counselling services to all students and staff with a vision of promoting positive mental health. It is founded on the belief that, life outside the classroom affects the student’s growth as much as their academics imparted inside the classroom and a holistic approach is required to address the needs of the students to make education meaningful. The centre provides professional, confidential, effective, and accessible counselling and guidance service, in a friendly and non-threatening setting and act as a resource for faculty & Parents in managing behavioural and psychological issues pertaining to students.
The service is open to all staff, students, and parents. Those who wish to access the service can call on the number given below or mail your concern or just walk – in and meet the counsellor. Your right to protection of sensitive information All students, staff and parents seeking service at the counselling centre have the right to confidentiality. No information that reveals the identity of person seeking counselling or any other sensitive information will be revealed to anyone without the counselee’s prior permission.
The centre offers the following service:
1. Periodic proctoring system
2. Individual counselling
3. Parental and family counselling
4. Crisis intervention
5. Referral service
6. Counsellor Contact
7. Dr. Deepika Masand, Department of ECE
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- cultural-committee/gat-cultural-committee/Global-Academy-of-Technology-cultural-committee:
```Cultural
1. The cultural committee at GAT is a highly dynamic and vibrant team, that ensure active engagement of all students who are keen on participating in cultural events. The team facilitates equal opportunity to all interested students by means of fair selection.
2. The team is formally incepted with strict rules and policies.
Scope
1. Committee is responsible in sending the students for participation in the intercollegiate competitions based on requisition made by student/s.
2. Maintaining such students’ list in a semester period with their certificates of participation/awards obtained.
3. The committee maintains the details of expenditure in case if any financial support extended towards cultural activities.
4.College level cultural activities can be planned by the committee in consultation with the authorities of the institution.
Policies
1. Students must submit the requisition and obtain prior permission by the committee before participating in intra/inter collegiate cultural activities
2. Any financial support and other facilities are subjected to the approval of the authorities with the recommendation of the committee
3. The students should submit the award obtained along with the photocopies of the certificates obtained in the team event to the college
Objectives
1. To bring out the various talents of the students
2. To provide a platform for budding artists and musicians
3. To inculcate team spirit and accountability for overall personality development.
4. To motivate the students to participate in state and national level competitions by providing required support.
Functions
1. Preparing the list of cultural activities to be conducted in the college in the beginning of the academic year
2. Conducting auditions to select student members for the college cultural team with the help of faculty and student co-coordinators of Cultural Committee along with senior student members of college cultural team
3. Sending cultural team to participate in inter collegiate/VTU cultural activities.
4. Organizing one Intercollegiate Techno Cultural fest every year (During the even semester) apart from Organizing the other cultural events like Ethnic Day – celebration,
5. Organizing some cultural at the time of Independence Day celebration, Ganesha Chathurthi festival, Performing Saraswati Pooja and Ayudha Pooja in the college. Organizing Rainbow cloth week Convener, Dr. Anandthirtha B Gudi
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- mechanical-faculty/gat-mechanical-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-mechanical-faculty:
```Below are the details of the faculty members of the Department of Mechanical in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. T. Krishna Rao: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department-ME/Mechanical Engineering)
A very warm welcome to the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Global Academy of Technology. It is a known fact that Mechanical Engineering finds application in all fields of technology and it is one of the core branches of engineering which has remained always in demand and will continue to be in the future... We are very happy that Global Academy of Technology has been accredited “A” grade by NAAC. I am also happy to place on records that our MTech students have secured VTU 1st and 2nd Ranks.
Our student teams Green Grenades and Go Kart have participated in racing competitions, won prizes, and have brought laurels to our department and to the college. Global Academy of Technology has signed MOU with M/S Toyota Kirloskar Motors Pvt Ltd to set up Centre of Excellence in Automotive Engineering in our department. I am sure students will benefit from centre through enhanced projects.
I wish all the outgoing students all the very best in their future endeavours of their Job, higher education, or entrepreneurship.
Come and join us and be part of our journey to success.
2. Dr. N. RANAPRATAP REDDY: M.Tech, Ph.D
3. Dr. T. Prashanth: M.E, Ph.D
4. Dr. V. Bharath: M.Tech, Ph.D
5. Dr. D. V. Ravikumar: M.E, Ph.D
6. Dr. V. Ravikumar: M.Tech, Ph.D
7. Dr. Shreekala N.: M.Tech, Ph.D
8. Dr. G. R. Gurunagendra: M.E , Ph.D
9. Mrs. P. B. Asha: M.Tech
10. Mrs. D. C. Savitha: M.Tech
11. Mr. Gurusharan: M.Sc, M.Tech
12. Mr. PoornaChandra: M.Tech
13. Mr. Kiran R.: M.Tech
14. Dr. R. Rajesh: M.Tech, Ph.D
15. Ms. Sneha Sarika Murthy: M.Tech
Mechanical```

These are the details related to:- ise-achievements/gat-ise-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ise-achievements:
```Achievements
1. University 2nd Rank by Rashmi B H (1GA11IS037) in the year 2011
2. University 4th Rank by Sneha Shree B (1GA08IS052) in the year 2012.
3. Akhil M S – 1STPlace in VTU 3rd Semester Examination.
4. Consistent high percentage of Distinction & First Class by ISE students.
5. Very good number of placement offers to ISE graduates, multiple offers and dream offers with salary package of 6.5 Lacs/per annum.
6. Our students were awarded Winners and Runners cup at various VTU inter-collegiate Inter Zone Level, VTU level and at state level tournaments.
7. MoU with Tresbu Technologies Pvt. Ltd. during 2017. Tresbu is an enterprise solutions company focusing on Cloud, Social, Mobile, Big data solutions.
8. Six faculty members are pursuing doctoral programs.
9. Our students actively participate in inter-collegiate Project exhibition and conferences.
Information Science```

These are the details related to:- ug-admissions/gat-ug-admissions/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ug-admissions:
```Interested in Undergraduate Program ?
A diverse and a global learning experience
All programs are affiliated and approved by VTU and AICTE.
GAT offers programs at an undergraduate level in 8 branches of engineering. All these branches have well qualified faculty along with infrastructure to support hands-on learning. These courses are approved degree programs affiliated to VTU
Eligibility criteria:
Candidates seeking admissions to first year of the Bachelor's in Engineering Program should have passed the two-year Pre-University Examination in Karnataka or in any other State Pre-University Boards or CBSE or any other equivalent examination as recognised by VTU. The candidate should have studied Physics, Mathematics, Chemistry or Electronics or Computer Science as a mandate.
You are requested to visit the college in person and meet the Principal or the admission counsellor and the respective department faculty for more details.```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-industrial-visits-internships/gat-aeronautical-industrial-visits-internships/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-industrial-visits-internships:
```Below are the details of the Industrial Visits & Internships of Aeronautical department.
1.
Date: 9/14/2023
Name of the Industry: HAL ENGINE DIVISION
Details of Address: C V RAMAN NAGAR,BANGALORE
No. of Students Participated: 27
2.
Date: 9/16/2023
Name of the Industry: HAL ENGINE DIVISION
Details of Address: C V RAMAN NAGAR,BANGALORE
No. of Students Participated: 27
3.
Date: 10/9/2023
Name of the Industry: IDSN ISTRAC ISRO
Details of Address: PEENYA INDUSTRIAL AREA, BENGALURU
No. of Students Participated: 58
4.
Date: 12/4/2023
Name of the Industry: CSIR-NAL
Details of Address: BANGALORE
No. of Students Participated: 43
5.
Date: 2/2/2024
Name of the Industry: INDIAN FOUNDRY EXPO-2024
Details of Address: BIEC, Bangalore
No. of Students Participated: 105
6.
Date: 2/6/2024
Name of the Industry: AIRCRAFT AND SYSTEM TESTING EXATBLISHMENT
Details of Address: AIRFORCE STATION. VIMANAPURA, BANGALORE-5600
No. of Students Participated: 51
7.
Industrial Visit- Hal Engine Division
An industrial visit to the HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Limited) Engine Division located in Bangalore was organized for the 4th-semester Aeronautical Engineering students of Global Academy of Technology. The visit aimed to provide students with practical insights into the manufacturing and testing of aero engines, with a specific focus on the ADOUR 871-07 (HAWK) and SHAKTI 1H1 engines.
The students of 4th semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited HAL Engine Division Bangalore on 14/09/2023.
The students of 4th semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited HAL Engine Division Bangalore 16/09/2023.
8.
Industrial Visit- IDSN ISTRAC ISRO
An industrial visit to ISDN, ISTRAC located in Bangalore was organized for the 1st semester Aeronautical Engineering students of Global Academy of Technology. The Indian Deep Space Network (ISDN) is a vital component of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and plays a significant role in India’s space exploration endeavors. The visit was aimed to provide students with practical insights into the network augmented by a fully steerable 18 m (59 ft.) and a 32 m (105 ft.) DSN antenna which improves the visibility duration when compared with the existing ISTRAC system.
The students of 1st semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited ISDN, ISTRAC, Bengaluru on 10/09/2023.
9.
Industrial Visit- CSIR-NAL
On 4th Dec 2023, 7th Semester students embarked on an enlightening industrial visit to the Kodihalli and Belur campuses of the National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL). The visit provided a comprehensive insight into the cutting-edge technologies and research activities undertaken at NAL.
10.
Industrial Visit- INDIAN FOUNDRY EXPO-2024
The Indian Foundry Expo 2024, held on 2,3,4th February 2024, Bangalore served as a platform for industry professionals, researchers, and enthusiasts to converge and explore the latest developments, technologies, and trends in the foundry sector.
The students of 5th semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited Indian Foundry Expo-2024 Bangalore.
The students of 3rd semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited Indian Foundry Expo-2024 Bangalore.
11.
Industrial Visit- AIRCRAFT AND SYSTEM TESTING EXATBLISHMENT
On 06/02/2024, a group of students from 3rd semester had the privilege of visiting the Aerospace Technologies Establishment (ASTE) in Bangalore, India. ASTE is a premier establishment of the Indian Air Force responsible for testing and evaluating new aerospace technologies and equipment.
The students of 3rd semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited ASTE Bangalore.
12.
Industrial Visit- ISRO
The students of 6th semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited Department of Space ISRO telemetry tracking and command network (ISTRAC) Indian deep space network(IDSN) on 27th April 2023 as a part of Industrial Visit Program.
Around 10.30am they reached ISRO campus. At first a presentation was given about the overview of ISRO and its programs by one of the employee Mr.Shankar Madaswami. The presentation shotheyd the evolution of Indian Space Programs over decades. The information was given about the present and future programs of ISRO such as Mangalyaan, Chandrayaan1, Chandrayaan2, NAVIC satellite systems, building of second launch pad in Kanyakumari, Aditya Mission.
Next they visited the 18m diameter antenna in the campus. Then explained about the working of antenna that is how automatically it turns towards the satellite with the help of servo motors. This system helps in communication with satellite and to track the health of satellite. This antenna is capable of working on both S and X bands but mainly operated on S band. It would be soon made use to work for aditya mission.
Next they visited to the gigantic 32m diameter antenna. The construction and working of such huge structure was explained very well. These antennas have 2way communication system i.e, it did both transmitting and receiving of signals. It was presently tracking the Chandrayaan2 mission. The devices used to calibrate and analyse the signals were shown to us.
Lastly they visited the Data Storage Unit of ISTRAC. There they got to see many instruments which analyses and stores the data. The hard drives which contains the data of every Indian Space Mission were stored with utmost care and was written with amazing technology. They got to see live tracking of Chandrayaan2 mission.
Overall it was very informative visit. Interaction with those experienced as well as young scientists was very inspiring. It was exciting and proud to see one of the finest engineering and technology of India.
The students of 6th semester from Department of Aeronautical Engineering visited Department of Space ISRO telemetry tracking and command network (ISTRAC) Indian deep space network.
13.
Date: 27-04-2023
Name of the Industry: ISRO- ISTRAC
Details of Address: ISRO-ISTRAC & IDSN, Byalalu, Bengaluru
No of students particpated: 45
Industry Oriented Practices: The department aims to train undergraduate students through an industry-oriented curriculum to make them professionals and individual employable. This is achieved through various activities.
14.
Date: 17-11-2022
Name of the Industry: Hertiage centre and aerospace museum
Details of Address: HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICAL LIMITED , Marathhalli, BANGALORE -560017
No of students particpated: 48
15.
Date: 01-07-2022
Name of the Industry: aircraft and system testing exatblishment
Details of Address: Airforce station. Vimanapura, Bangalore-5600
No of students particpated: 48
16.
Date: 01-02-2023
Name of the Industry: Aircraft and system testing exatblishment
Details of Address: Airforce station. Vimanapura, Bangalore-5600
No of students particpated: 51
17.
Date: 17-02-2023
Name of the Industry: Aero India -2023
Details of Address: Yelahanka Air Force station, Bengaluru
No of students particpated: 107
18. Students of 4th semester, AE visiting “Aircraft and System Testing Establishment”, Airforce station. Vimanapura, Bangalore-01-07-2022.
19. Students of 3rd semester, AE visiting Hertiage Centre and Aerospace Museum, Hindustan Aeronautical Limited , Marathhalli, BANGALORE.
20. Students of 3rd semester, AE visiting “Aircraft and System Testing Establishment”, Airforce station. Vimanapura, Bangalore-01-07-2022.
21. AE students visiting Aero India -2023, Yelahanka Air Force station, Bengaluru.
Below are the details of the industry internship-program-of-Aeronautical-department/gat-industry-internship-program-of-Aeronautical-department/Global-Academy-of-Technology-industry-internship-program-of-Aeronautical-department:
The only way to compete in the real world is to have real-world experiences. The internship program allows students to work in a premier industry for 30-60 days (can be further extended), giving them valuable industry experience. The students get introduced to industry culture and trained as the future workforce and involved with industry leadership.
1.
From Date: 20-09-2023
To Date: 19-10-2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE024
Name of the Student: Likith Umesh
Name of the Organization with contact details: Kempegowda Intenational airport
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Jyothibasu
Description of Activity: Statergy and Development Division
2.
From Date: 20-09-2023
To Date: 19-10-2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE035
Name of the Student: Rushika J
Name of the Organization with contact details: Kempegowda Intenational airport
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Jyothibasu
Description of Activity: Statergy and Development Division
3.
From Date: 20-09-2023
To Date: 1/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE004
Name of the Student: Ananya praveen
Name of the Organization with contact details: Aeronautical Development Establishment
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Chandramani Dey SCIENTIST F
Description of Activity: Design and analysis of serperniate air in High speed
4.
From Date: 10/03/2023
To Date: 2/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE001
Name of the Student: Abhinav R
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Shanwaz Mulla
Description of Activity: Sensivity of fuel-low level sensor postion for aircrat fuel system
5.
From Date: 25/09/2023
To Date: 10/24/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE045
Name of the Student: TEJASWINI S
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Senthilnathan senior scientist
Description of Activity: Design and analysis of boss and Flange for composist cylinder
6.
From Date: 20-10-2023
To Date: 20-09-2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE019
Name of the Student: Karthik G Y
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Shanwaz Mulla
Description of Activity: Sensivity of fuel-low level sensor postion for aircrat fuel system
7.
From Date: 20-09-2023
To Date: 3/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE010
Name of the Student: Daksha B
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Dwarakanthan D
Description of Activity: Static Dynamic and buckling anlysis of compoiste m structure
8.
From Date: 20-09-2023
To Date: 10/20/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE028
Name of the Student: Mrudula
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mrs Shanthini prinicpal scientist
Description of Activity: Static Dynamic and buckling anlysis of compoiste structure
9.
From Date: 22/09/2023
To Date: 10/21/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE018
Name of the Student: Jayanth R
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Chethan S Jarali senir scientist
Description of Activity: CADD Modelling and analysis of Wing Structure
10.
From Date: 22/09/2023
To Date: 10/21/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE008
Name of the Student: Chirag m Sagar
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Dr. R Raja cheif scientist,Head
Description of Activity: Static Dynamic and buckling anlysis of compoiste structure
11.
From Date: 22/09/2023
To Date: 10/21/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE021
Name of the Student: KUSHI RATHOD
Name of the Organization with contact details: National Aerospace Laboratoies
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Ravi dodamani, UAV D&I Division
Description of Activity: UAV Propeller Thrust Measurement
12.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE006
Name of the Student: BINDU K N
Name of the Organization with contact details: Aeronautical Development Establishment
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Vijaykumar m Scientist
Description of Activity: Liteature survey on HALE UAv"and CFD analysis on airfoil on Hale Uav'S
13.
From Date: 09/10/2023
To Date: 11/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE049
Name of the Student: TEJASWINI P S
Name of the Organization with contact details: Aeronautical Development Establishment
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Vijaykumar m Scientist
Description of Activity: Liteature survey on HALE UAv"and CFD analysis on airfoil on Hale Uav'S
14.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE046
Name of the Student: THANUSHREE L
Name of the Organization with contact details: Aeronautical Development Establishment
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Vijaykumar m Scientist
Description of Activity: Liteature survey on HALE UAv"and CFD analysis on airfoil on Hale Uav'S
15.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE003
Name of the Student: AIISHWARYA K V
Name of the Organization with contact details: Aeronautical Development Establishment
Name of the External Person with contact: Mr. Chandramani Dey SCIENTIST F
Description of Activity: Design and analysis of serperniate air in High speed
16.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/19/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE016
Name of the Student: HARSHA M
Name of the Organization with contact details: Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
Description of Activity: Heliopter MRO DIvision
17.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/19/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE029
Name of the Student: NITHIN
Name of the Organization with contact details: Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
Description of Activity: Heliopter MRO DIvision
18.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/19/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE025
Name of the Student: MADHUKEERTHI A
Name of the Organization with contact details: Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
Description of Activity: Heliopter MRO DIvision
19.
From Date: 20/09/2023
To Date: 10/19/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE031
Name of the Student: PRANAV N
Name of the Organization with contact details: Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
Description of Activity: Heliopter MRO DIvision
20.
From Date: 09/11/2023
To Date: 10/11/2023
Students USN: 1GA20AE013
Name of the Student: DEEPASHREE U
Name of the Organization with contact details: SIMULATION LAB
Name of the External Person with contact: Scientifics R@D centre
Description of Activity: Feature on wing flap to enhance aerodynmics efficienciy
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- committees-iqac/gat-committees-iqac/Global-Academy-of-Technology-committees-iqac:
```1. Quality enhancement is a continuous process and sustaining the momentum of quality cognizance is crucial for an Institution. Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC) is conceived as a mechanism to build and ensure a quality culture at the institutional level.
2. The prime goal of the IQAC is to develop a system for conscious, consistent & catalytic improvement in the academic and administrative performance of institutions. 
3. IQAC was constituted at Global Academy of Technology (GAT) on 23rd August 2016 to develop quality culture in the Institute. 
4. IQAC at GAT strives to promote holistic academic excellence through planning, guiding, and monitoring quality assurance and quality enhancement with respect to academic, administrative activities. 
5. IQAC supports academic audit, accreditation activities, feedback mechanism and various academic and administrative committees of institute. 
6. IQAC submits Annual Quality Assurance Report (AQAR) to NAAC annually and records various activities of Institute for quality assurance.
7. The compliance of AQAR will set in motion the quality culture at Institute.
IQAC develop mechanisms and procedures for :
1. Ensuring timely, efficient, and progressive performance of academic, administrative, and financial tasks
2. Quality of academic and research programmes
3. Optimization and integration of modern methods of teaching and learning
4. Ensuring the adequacy, maintenance and functioning of the support structure and services
Functions of IQAC: 
1. Development and application of quality benchmarks/parameters for the various academic and administrative activities of the Institute
2. Facilitating the creation of a learner-centric environment for participatory teaching and learning process
3. Arrangement for feedback responses from all stakeholders on quality-related processes
4. Development and maintenance of institutional database through Management Information System (MIS) for maintaining/enhancing the institutional quality.
5. Accreditation Certificates
6. AQAR reports
7. Minutes of IQAC meetings and Compliance made
8. Student Satisfaction Survey
Below are the details of the Members of IQAC in "Name:, Department / Organization:, Designation:" format:
1.
Name: Dr. N Ranapratap Reddy
Department / Organization: Principal
Designation: Chairman – IQAC
2.
Name: Sri. S Lepaksha
Department / Organization: Secretary – NEF
Designation: Management Representative
3.
Name: Sri. Venkatappa
Department / Organization: Additional Secretary – NEF
Designation: Management Representative
4.
Name: Dr. Anil P Narappanavar
Department / Organization: HOD – Science & Humanities, Dy. Controller of Examination
Designation: Member – Coordinator
5.
Name: Dr. H M Rajashekar Swamy
Department / Organization: Dean – Academics
Designation: Member
6.
Name: Dr. Prashanth T
Department / Organization: Controller of Examination
Designation: Member
7.
Name: Dr. Kumarswamy S
Department / Organization: HOD –CSE
Designation: Member
8.
Name: Dr. Kiran Y C
Department / Organization: HOD – ISE
Designation: Member
9.
Name: Dr. Manjuanatha Reddy H S
Department / Organization: HOD – ECE
Designation: Member
10.
Name: Dr. Deepika Masand
Department / Organization: HOD – EEE
Designation: Member
11.
Name: Dr. Allamaprabhu Kamatagi
Department / Organization: HOD – CV
Designation: Member
12.
Name: Dr. Bharath Vinjamuri
Department / Organization: i/c HOD – ME
Designation: Member
13.
Name: Dr. Ashwini K
Department / Organization: HOD – AI&DS
Designation: Member
14.
Name: Dr. Bino Prince Raja D
Department / Organization: HOD – AE
Designation: Member
15.
Name: Dr. Preethi Satish
Department / Organization: HOD – AIML
Designation: Member
16.
Name: Dr. Venkatesh Kumar
Department / Organization: HOD – MBA
Designation: Member
17.
Name: Dr. Chandramma R
Department / Organization: HOD – CSE (AIML)
Designation: Member
18.
Name: Mr. Mageshwaran R
Department / Organization: Director – Placement & Training
Designation: Member
19.
Name: Dr. R Kanagavalli
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – CSE
Designation: Member
20.
Name: Dr. Vimukta E Salies
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – ISE
Designation: Member
21.
Name: Dr. B N Manjunatha Reddy
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – ECE
Designation: Member
22.
Name: Ms. Nagaratna K
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – EEE
Designation: Member
23.
Name: Mr. Shivakumar K S
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – CV
Designation: Member
24.
Name: Dr. V Ravikumar
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – ME
Designation: Member
25.
Name: Ms. Rohini B R
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – AD
Designation: Member
26.
Name: Mr. Lakshmikantha G C
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – AM
Designation: Member
27.
Name: Mr. Vinod L
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – AE
Designation: Member
28.
Name: Dr. Shreelatha H R
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – MBA
Designation: Member
29.
Name: Dr. Shashikala S
Department / Organization: Department IQAC Coordinator – S&H
Designation: Member
30.
Name: Mr. Nagaraju S
Department / Organization: Asst. Administrative Officer
Designation: Member
31.
Name: University Nominee – 1
Designation: Member
32.
Name: University Nominee – 1
Designation: Member
33.
Name: University Nominee – 1
Designation: Member
34.
Name: Local Society Representative
Designation: Member
35.
Name: Industry Representative
Designation: Member
36.
Name: Alumni Representative
Designation: Member
37.
Name: Parent Representative
Designation: Member
38.
Name: Student Representative
Designation: Member```

These are the details related to:- sc-st-cell/gat-sc-st-cell/Global-Academy-of-Technology-sc-st-cell:
```SC / ST / OBC Cell
The SC/ST/OBC cell of the college was established in 2020 with the purpose to empower the
SC/ST/OBC students in the college. The college takes special interest in facilitating financial
support to students from these communities from government agencies and other sources.
Objectives
1. To counsel and guide SC/ST/OBC students and help them to manage academic and personal issues of college life effectively.
2. To provide the mechanism to redress the grievance of SC/ST/OBC students, if any.
3. To aware the SC/ST/OBC students regarding various scholarships program of State Govt. and UGC.
Below are the details of the SC/ST/OBC Cell Committee in "Name:, Department:, Role: " format:
1.
Name: Ms. Jayachitra G, Associate Professor
Department: Electrical and Electronics Engg.
Role: Convener
2.
Name: Mr. Chandra Nayaka I R, Assistant Professor
Department: Electronics and Communication Engg
Role: Member
3.
Name: Mr. Tilak Kumar L, Assistant Professor
Department: Electronics and Communication Engg
Role: Member
4.
Name: Ms. Sowbhagya P, Assistant Professor
Department: Basic Sciences
Role: Member
5.
Name: Ms.Harshitha B S, Assistant Professor
Department: Computer Science & Engg.
Role: Member
Statutory Committees```

These are the details related to:- gat-careers:
```Careers
Eligible candidates to send their CV to
Upon review, candidates will be shortlisted and contacted by the HR department for next procedures.```

These are the details related to:- electrical-achievements/gat-electrical-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-electrical-achievements:
```Achievements Of Project 2022-23 - "Solar Chargeable E-Rikshaw":
1. The "Solar Chargeable E-Rikshaw" project, developed by the students of Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering at the Global Academy of Technology, has been honored with multiple awards.The team members involved are Vijay K S, Likhitha R, Dhruthi M Jain, Hemanth Kumar B V and Hitesh C under the guidance of Mrs. Nagarathna K, an Associate Professor.
2. State Level Engineering Students Project Exhibition-Competition 2022 held at BMS College of Engineering, Bangalore, 25th to 27 July 2022. Received FIRST PRIZE with cash prize of Rs.25000.
3. Participated in 6th National Level Techno-Exhibition which was held at “Dr. Ambedkar Institute Of Technology” Bangalore on 13th April 2022. Our team won 2nd prize in this competition and we received a cash prize of Rs 50,000/-
4. Participated in 8th National Level Technical Project Exhibition held at “Saintgits college of Engineering “,Kottayam , Kerala on 25th and 26thApril 2022. The students of Saintgits college also admired the vehicle. The vehicle photos were published in Manorama Newspaper and Mathrubhumi Newspaper. Interview on our vehicle was taken by RJ Jeena on club FM 4.3.
5. Participated in the National Level Technical symposium AARAMBH 2022, competition held at Don Bosco Institute of Technology, Bengaluru. Our project secured First prize in this competition on 26th May 2022.
6. Participated in 6th National Level IEEE Project Competition 2022 organized by IEEE Student branch GSSSIETW, Mysore Received BEST PROJECT in the IEEE Project competition-2022 , 8th June 2022.
7. Participated in Second national level inter college project competition (online) "DBIT TEXPO-2022"DonBosco online, 20th July 2022. Received FIRST PRIZE with cash prize of Rs.10000
Achievements Of Project 2021-22 - "Multipurpose Farmer E-Cart":
1. The "Multipurpose Farmer E-cart" project, developed by the students of Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering at the Global Academy of Technology, has been honored with multiple awards.The team members involved are Sneha J, Bharath B, Prajwal Gowda V, Prathiksha Reddy N, and the project guide is Mrs. Nagarathna K, an Associate Professor.
2. Participated in 7th National level Techno Exhibition held at Dr.Ambedkar Institue of Technology, Bangalore 13th and 14th April 2022, won First Prize with the cash Rs.10000.
3. Multipurpose Farmer E-cart got selected for KSCST funding with Rs.6000/-.
4. Participated in Grand finale 46th series KSCST Moodbidare, Alvas Engineering college, Received Best Project of the year 2022-23.
5. Participated in (online mode) IEEE YESIST12-2023 Grand Finale from 2nd-3rd September 2023 held at Arab Academy for Science, Technology & Maritime Transport (AASTMT) , Egypt.
6. Participated in the Krishimela organized by govt of Karnataka held at Gandhi Krishi Vignana Kendra (GKVK), Bangalore on November 17th to 20th 2023, got appreciated from the farmers.
7. Participated in “KAUSHALYA” open house project expo at NITTE Meenakshi Institute of Technology,4th May 2023,won Best project award.
8. Participated in “PRATIRA” national level inter collegiate project Expo at Sambhram Institute of Technology.
9. Participated in “PROTATVA” State level project Expo at RV Institute of Technology and Management.
Academic Achievements of Electrical department:
1. SWATHI B K (1GA15EE042) has secured 10th Rank in VTU during 2019-2020
2. RAJANI V (1GA10EE032) has secured 9th Rank in VTU during 2014-2015
Co-curricular Achievements of Electrical department:
1. PLC Based Sanitary Napkin Vending Machine Rs 5000 for the academic year 2019-20
2. DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF AUTOMATIC WASHING MACHINE USING EMBEDDED SYSTEM. Rs 7000 for the academic year 2021-22
3. Best paper Award received by Ms. Suraksha and team of 7th semester. for presenting the paper in “National Conference on
4. Second prize received by Ms. Chaitra and team of 5th semester for paper presentation in “National Conference on Science, Engineering and Management (NCSEM)” May 2019 held at Oxford College of Engineering.
Institute Social Responsibility Activities of Electrical department:
1. IEEE – PES Bangalore chapter – flagship event – “Educational activity – Awareness Program on Electricity and renewable energy” in two government schools on 27 July2019 hosted by department of EEE, GAT.
2. Solar Chargeable E - Rikshaw
3. An Electric Vehicle has number of advantages over IC engine vehicles. The main advantage is that an EV has nothing to do with rise in fuel price. Another important advantage is that EVs contribution to the environment pollution is much less. Our vehicle stands different from other EVs by the fact that it can be charged by solar energy. Hence the vehicle is completely using Green energy.
4. The vehicle specially designed to carry both passengers and also goods. This is achieved by foldable seat mechanism. The pay load capacity is around 800Kgs including the vehicle weight. The vehicle chassis was fabricated with the help of mechanical department at Global Academy of Technology. The body is fabricated using 1mm MS steel sheet. The vehicle is powered using a Brushless DC motor. Motor is coupled with differential connected across both the back tyres of the vehicle. The motor is powered using a Lithium-ion battery, which gives the range of 100km/charge. We can achieve a maximum speed of around 25-30km/hr. In absence of sunlight, battery can be charged by plug-in charger too.
5. The vehicle is also given a modern touch by installing some smart features like Automatic headlights, Automatic Wipers, Reverse parking system, Digital instrument cluster, and Automatic braking.
6. There are 4 solar panels mounted at the top of the vehicle. All the 4 panels are connected in series.
7. The MPPT controller optimizes the match between the solar array and the battery, hence the battery is charged efficiently. The safety of battery is also taken care by MPPT charge controller during charging.
8. The vehicle can be effectively used for many applications such as for delivery agents and can be used for farmers for various agricultural use. The vehicle turns out as a boon to the auto drivers which turns out to be cost-effective than regular autos.
9. The student team has participated in 6th National Level Techno-Exhibition which was held at “Dr. Ambedkar Institute Of Technology”, Bangalore on 13th April 2022. Our team won 2nd prize in this competition and we received a cash prize of Rs 50,000/-
10. The students also participated in 8th National Level Technical Project Exhibition held at “Saintgits college of Engineering “, Kottayam , Kerala on 25th and 26thApril. The students of Saintgits college also admired the vehicle. The vehicle photos were published in Manorama Newspaper and Mathrubhumi Newspaper. Interview on our vehicle was taken by RJ Jeena on club FM 4.3.
Project Exhibitions/Paper Presentation/Conferences of Electrical department:
1. Project titled "Multipurpose Farmer Green Cart" developed by EEE final year students of Global Academy of Technology won the First Place and cash prize of 10,000/-, under the theme Green Energy in the 7th National Level Techno Exhibition held at Dr. Ambedkar Institute of Technology, Bangalore.
Guide
Students
2. Technical paper by EEE 8th semester students titled “Comparative Study of PI and Fuzzy Logic Controlled D-STATCOM for Improving Power Quality” has been accepted in 4th IEEE International Conference on Emerging Technologies INCET2023 (Scopus indexed).
Guide
Students
3. Projects selected under Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology (KSCST):
a.	IoT Based Smart Irrigation System
Guide
Students
Amount Sanctioned
b.	Multipurpose Farmer Green Cart
Guide
Students
Amount Sanctioned
Internship
Internship at IISc Bangalore in the Department of Computer Science and Automation for a period of one month fifteen days with a stipend of 18,000/-. Worked on “Social Robotics to Improve Learning Process for Children Suffering from Autism”.
1. Harshith D R of 8th Semester, Sports
2. Bhoomika S of 3rd semester secured Second Place at VTU State Level Netball Championship 2022-23 held at St. Joseph Engineering College (29/03/2023-30/03/2023).
3. Arun B T of 8th semester secured First Place at Inter Collegiate Bengaluru South Division Level Handball Tournament 2022-23 held at Global Academy of Technology (10/03/2023-11/03/2023).
4. Harshini S of 1st semester secured Third Place at VTU State Level Taekwondo Championship 2022 held at Siddhaganga Institute of Technology, Tumakuru (20/12/2022-21/12/2022).
5. Dheeraj Kumar R of 8th semester participated in Tug-of-War at Sai Vidya Institute of Technology (04/01/2023).
6. Dheeraj Kumar R of 8th semester secured Third Place at VTU State Level Championship 2022-23 in Wrestling (86 Kg) category held at Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering (VVCE) Mysore (12/12/2022-13/12/2022).
7. Dheeraj Kumar R of 8th semester secured Second Place in Tug-of-War during Interact 2022 (03/06/2022-04/06/2022).
8. Dheeraj Kumar R of 8th semester secured Second Place in Tug-of-War at BMS College of Engineering (06/06/2022-07/06/2022).
9. Nikhil Gowda N K of 8th semester secured Second Place in Tug-of-War at BMS College of Engineering (06/06/2022-07/06/2022).
10. Nikhil Gowda N K of 8th semester Participated in Tug-of-War at Sai Vidya Institute of Technology (04/01/2023).
11. Nikhil Gowda N K of 8th semester secured Second Place in Tug-of-War during Interact 2022 (03/06/2022-04/06/2022).
12. Nikhil Gowda N K of 8th semester secured Second Place in Volleyball during Interact 2022 (03/06/2022-04/06/2022).
Report
Electrical```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-overview/gat-aeronautical-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-overview:
```Introduction
The Department of Aeronautical Engineering was established in the year 2020, affiliated to VTU, Belagavi, Karnataka, approved by AICTE. The department offers 4-year undergraduate programme, B.E. in Aeronautical Engineering. The department has a team of highly qualified, dedicated and motivated young and experienced faculties. The Department of Aeronautical Engineering has laboratories catering to students, scholars and faculty members for their academic and research activities. The curriculum is designed to impart engineering knowledge in topics such as Aerodynamics, Aircraft structures, Propulsion, Flight dynamics & Controls and UAVs. Further provision exists to acquire additional engineering knowledge through electives. The department prepares the graduates to undertake design, analysis, experimental and research activities as their careers in aeronautical engineering. The institution is located very closer to many leading aeronautical industries (ISRO, NAL, HAL, ADA, ADE etc) and IT industries which will benefit the students in terms of collaboration.
The department activities are being monitored by the Department Advisory Board (DAB) and Program advisory committee (PAC) whose members are eminent personalities from industries, government organizations and R&D Sectors. The new initiative of establishing Research centre in Aeronautical Engineering, GAT would provide researchers a good opportunity for enhancing their Research knowledge and Problem-solving skills.
PROGRAM EDUCATIONAL OBJECTIVES (PEOs):
1. PEO1: Expertise in specialized areas of Aeronautical Engineering such as Aerodynamics, Propulsion, Structures & Materials and Flight Control systems with a focus on research and innovation.
2. PEO2: Pursue higher studies enhancing their Academic & research capabilities to meet the global challenges.
3. PEO3: Become an entrepreneur with a focus on creativity and innovation for developing new products, processes and systems solutions for betterment of society.
PROGRAM SPECIFIC OUTCOMES (PSOs):
1. PSO1: Apply the fundamental knowledge of Aerodynamics, Propulsion, Structures and Flight controls to solve core contemporary problems.
2. PSO2: Develop and use modern engineering tools to design and analyse the simple and complex problems in Aeronautical Engineering.
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- civil-infrastructure/gat-civil-infrastructure/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-infrastructure:
```Infrastructure
Department of Civil Engineering at GAT has nine different laboratories dedicated to teaching and research:
1. Basic Material Testing Laboratory
2. Surveying Practice
3. Applied Engineering Geology Laboratory
4. Hydraulics and Hydraulic Machinery Laboratory
5. Computer Aided Design Laboratory
6. Geo-technical Engineering Laboratory
7. Environmental Engineering Laboratory
8. Concrete and Highway Materials Laboratory
9. Advanced Structural Engineering Laboratory
The department of Civil Engineering believes in the holistic understanding of the topics by
making the process student centric. They engage in:
1. Student-centred learning environment
2. Integrating Research in Learning Practices
3. Industry Oriented Practices & Participation in Industrial Projects
4. Technical Events/ Interaction with Industry Experts - Pushing the Boundaries of knowledge
5. Association of Civil Engineering Students ACES (Students Club)
Civil```

These are the details related to:- incubation-centre/gat-incubation-centre/Global-Academy-of-Technology-incubation-centre:
```OVERVIEW
As a part of Institutional social responsibilities, institutes should incubate technological start-upsby providing facilities such as free office space, technology and lab support, infrastructure support, legal support, financial management support and other assistance so that the start-ups can get through the initial hurdles in starting the business.
Mahesh KC
Head - Incubation Center
This centre can bridge the gap between industries and educational institutions. Students collaborate with companies on campus for internships and projects and develop technological products which can have an impact on industry and society.
The VISION of GAT is
-To promote innovation and entrepreneurship by creating a conducive eco-system for incubation and launching start-ups.
The MISSION of GAT is
-Identify potential innovators with an entrepreneurial bent of mind and support them to develop technological products/processes leading to successful business enterprises
-Build a strong team with adequate knowledge and experience in guiding start-ups, building business plans, building networks etc.
-Develop partnerships and networks with academia, industry, funding sources, existing incubators and others concerned for the benefit of start-ups.
The OBJECTIVES of GAT is
1. To provide superior quality platform for the next generation technocrats who strive hard to develop innovative processes, projects, and products to meet the ever-changing demands of the industry and society.
2. To provide solutions to the local problems faced by society and industries.
3. To inspire and mentor the students to be successful entrepreneurs.
4. To create a strong network of mentors who would provide sector specific knowledge and practical guidance.
5. To provide access to prototyping facilities, testing facilities, market information and pilot implementation for the product/services.
6. Establish a project monitoring and assessment group at the institute level to oversee the activities of the incubation centre.
WHY INCUBATE ?
- Incubation offers you a perfect launch pad for your business needs to take off.
- We connect the incubates to a strong partner ecosystem
- We provide mentorship with valid exposure from domain experts
WHO CAN APPLY ?
- Anyone from the IT and manufacturing background who are in the ideation or MVP stage
- Submit application form
- Review of application
- Evaluation of B-Plan
- MOU and admission formalities
- Support services
WHY GAT-IC ?
-GAT Incubation Centre envisages extending wide range of support by nurturing innovative ideas of the incubates through the project proposal stage, market survey, creating a viable product/service, guidance and mentoring during the incubation, industry interface and exposure to the investor community
FACILITIES OFFERED:
- Subsidised co-working space
- Access to Labs and library
- Industry and investors connect
- Seed-funding support
- Hi-speed internet, pantry, and activity rooms
CONTACT:
- Dr. Shekar H.S, Centre Coordinator
- Dr. Subrahmanya Swamy, Convener, GAT-IC
- Dr. N.Ranapratap Reddy , Chairman, GAT-IC;
Research```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-infrastructure/gat-aeronautical-infrastructure/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-infrastructure:
```Aerodynamics Lab:
- Our state-of-the-art aerodynamics lab is equipped with advanced subsonic wind tunnel which can operate up to 70m/s and computational tools, allowing students to conduct cutting-edge research and analysis on airflow around aerospace structures, improving their understanding of flight dynamics and aircraft performance.
Aircraft Propulsion Lab:
- Our aircraft propulsion lab offers various aspects of aircraft propulsion experiment with modern equipment. These facilities and experiments in Lab provide students with hands-on experience and research opportunities, fostering a deep understanding of propulsion systems and preparing them for careers in aerospace engineering.
Aircraft Structure Lab:
- In our aircraft structure lab, students gain practical knowledge in designing, analysing, and testing aircraft structures using industry-standard techniques and equipment. This lab facilitates research and development of lightweight and durable structures for enhanced aerospace performance and safety.
Cessna 150L Aircraft:
- Our fleet includes the Cessna 150L ground running aircraft, providing students an opportunity to gain practical experience in flight operations, navigation, and aircraft systems, enhancing their understanding of real-world aviation challenges.
Mig-21 R-25 Engine:
- The Mig-21 R-25 engine, a part of our aircraft propulsion lab, enables students to study the design, performance, and maintenance aspects of this renowned engine. Through hands-on activities and analysis, students gain insights into jet engine technology and its applications in aerospace engineering.
High Speed Jet Facility:
- Our High-Speed Jet Facility is equipped with cutting edge equipment and instrumentation, allowing students to conduct research and experiments on high-speed jet flows, aerodynamics, and combustion processes. It provides valuable insights into the behaviour and performance of jet engines, enabling students to develop advanced propulsion technologies.
CAD/CAE Computational labs:
- Our CAD/CAE Computational labs are equipped with advanced software resources like, CATIA V5 3D Experience, ANSYS R21 and MATLAB providing students with the tools necessary for computer-aided design and engineering analysis. These labs enable students to develop their skills in virtual prototyping, simulation, and optimization, enhancing their ability to design and analyse complex aerospace systems efficiently and accurately.
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-cse-faculty/gat-ai-ml-cse-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-cse-faculty:
```Below are the Faculty details of the AI-ML-CSE departments in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. Chandramma R: B.E, M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of Department- AI-ML-CSE/Artifical Intelligence - Machine Learning - Computer Science & Engineering)
2. Mrs. Anusha K P: B.E, M.Tech
3. Mr. Manjunath S R: B.E, M.Tech
4. Mrs. Saranya Babu: B.E, M.Tech
5. Mrs. Hemalatha M: B.E, M.Tech
6. Mrs. Veena N: B.E, M.Tech
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- alumni-activities/gat-alumni-activities/Global-Academy-of-Technology-alumni-activities:
```Report on Alumni Association activity for AY:2022-23
GAT Alumni Association is actively involved in promoting various activities in college to benefit and inspire the students for their improvement of knowledge personality development, entrepreneurship development, internship, and employment in various alumni industries. Each department organizes expert lectures, alumni interaction sessions and felicitation of proud alumni achievers.
In the academic year 2022-23 alumni association cell arranged various program in college and details as follows:
1.
Name of the Department: Mechanical
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Vinay Kumar PV Scientist-C CMTI Bangalore
Date: 15-11-2022
Subject: “Opportunities at CMTI”
2.
Name of the Department: Mechanical
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Suraj Manjanna Sales Manager TRUMPF
Date: 18-11-2022
Subject: “Introduction to Additive Manufacturing”
3.
Name of the Department: Mechanical
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Mr. Shuvo Mukhopadhyay Business Head,Taurus Bangalore
Date: 24-11-2022
Subject: “How to be an industry ready Manufacturing Professional”
4.
Name of the Department: Mechanical
Activity: Industrial Visit
Alumnus Name: Suraj Manjanna
Date: 11-11-2022
Subject: Alliage Metal Castings Ltd.Bangalore
5.
Name of the Department: Electronics & Communication
Activity: Social Service
Alumnus Name: 2009 batch students
Date: 05-09-2022
Subject: Providing school uniform and stationary to students of Govt School Magadi Taluk, Ramnagar Dist in the name of Dept- 5th Sep 2022
6.
Name of the Department: Electronics & Communication
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Srinidhi M P
Date: 4/11/2022
Subject: What the industry looks in a fresher
7.
Name of the Department: Electronics & Communication
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Balachander K
Date: 15/11/2022
Subject: Career Guidance for Electronics Students- Industry Readiness
8.
Name of the Department: Electronics & Communication
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Rakesh M
Date: 15/02/2023
Subject: Training on Simulation Tools in Electronics
9.
Name of the Department: Electronics & Communication
Activity: Alumni Talk
Alumnus Name: Lohith M
Date: 05-11-2022
Subject: Interaction with students on career choice and goals
1. All Students of 2009 batch and Faculty of ECE - Providing school uniform and stationary to students of Govt School Magadi Taluk, Ramnagar Dist in the name of Dept- 5th Sep 2022
2. Balachander K- “Career Guidance for Electronics Students- Industry Readiness” on 15/11/2022
Principal, all Heads of department, Committee members, and all Faculty members has given great support to the success of the above activities.
Alumni Talk-Series
Alumni Talk Series-2019-20:
Mr Adharsh Vaidya and Ms Rakshitha J S, alumni of the ISE Department delivered a guest lecture on 16th February 2019 titled “Recent Trends in Web Technologies” in Dept. of ISE.
1. Alumni from ISE branch Rajath R Joshi, System Engineer, Infosys, Bengaluru on “Java Spring - Framework” on Date: 19th December 2020
2. Alumni from ISE Akhil M S, Software Engineer SAP Labs Bengaluru on “Current Trends in Information Technology” on 17th October 2020.
3. Alumni Talk on Additive Manufacturing - Suraj Manjanna-2012 batch ME. The Purpose of the Talk is to educate the students to the advance methods of additive manufacturing and the challenge to identify the part and assembly designs in the current manufacturing technology and to consider whether AM can improve performance. 
4. “How to be an Industry-Ready Manufacturing Professional” by -Mr. Shuvo Mukhopadhyay-2012 Batch ME. The purpose of the talk was to inform our students about opportunities in the field of manufacturing as well as the most recent state-of-the-art trends and advancements and skills needed to be a professional in manufacturing.
5. Alumni Talk On “UAV’s-commonly called Drones” by Mr. Adithya HA M.Tech (Aero) 2016 batch Mechanical GAT Alumni Aero-Mechanical Designer ZMotion Autonomous Systems Pvt Ltd. Date: 29-01-2022@9.30am
6. Alumni Talk (online) On “Relevance of AI & Machine Learning in Mechanical Industry” by Mr. Amogh G 2016 batch ME GAT Alumni working as Data Scientist-Mercedes Benz R&D India on 08-01-2022@11.00am
7. Alumni Talk On "An interdisciplinary approach to Automation”(Online) By Nithin Ramesh 2015 batch GAT Alumni, working in Toyota Material Handling Logistic solution, Sweden
Alumni```

These are the details related to:- education-cell/gat-education-cell/Global-Academy-of-Technology-education-cell:
```The ED Cell:
1. Global Academy of Technology has been in the forefront imparting high quality technical education. It also believes in inculcating the right attitude in the minds of young students and develops them as individuals who have the innate desire not just to succeed in their own lives but also to contribute meaningfully to societal development in all possible spheres.
2. Globalisation of business and tremendous potential for growth in all sectors has opened a new era of opportunities for young technocrats, who are looking for opportunities to exploit their full potential by setting up their own ventures. There has been a lot of thrust on Entrepreneurship and skill development during recent times to capitalise on these opportunities that is available.
3. India is growing remarkably and has done well in innovations and inventions too. To provide an effective platform for these young innovators and to inculcate entrepreneurial skill sets and qualities in them, GAT-Entrepreneurship Development Cell envisages for harnessing his/her Entrepreneurship quest to be able to provide him/her with the right kind of resources or at least must be able to guide him/her to the doors of opportunity and equip them to walk through it by nurturing them.
4. Entrepreneurship is increasingly recognized as an important driver of economic growth of a country. The Govt. of India has recognized the importance of entrepreneurship and has introduced programs like "Make in India" & "Start-up India".
5. In this regard, to create and enhance the Entrepreneurial culture in the Institution, the management, a selected group of faculty members as mentors, professional mentors and student members, the GAT ED Cell aims to give wings to the innovative ideas of the young minds of our college.
The Entrepreneurship Development Cell aims to:
1. Foster the spirit of entrepreneurship amongst the students by creating awareness about the emerging challenges and opportunities relating to entrepreneurship.
2. Provide opportunities for igniting the students’ minds to start and run their own enterprises by fostering linkages between the Institution, Industries and R&D institutions in the region and other related organizations engaged in promoting Enterprises.
3. Remove apprehensions if any, by providing required information on all aspects of enterprise building to the budding entrepreneurs and encourage them to become entrepreneurs.
4. Guide and assist prospective entrepreneurs on various aspects such as preparing project reports, methodology for obtaining project approvals, loans, and facilities from agencies of support system, information on technologies, etc.
5. Catalyse and promote development of knowledge-based enterprises.
The Vision of GAT is:
- To stimulate, support and sustain the initiatives of students, resulting in the creation of entrepreneurs imbibed with leadership qualities and ethics to make a global impact
The Mission of GAT is:
1. To foster and instil the passion and spirit among students to pursue entrepreneurship
2. To facilitate students to start their own ventures
3. To develop business incubators
4. To create corpus fund to seed ventures
5. To enable vibrant interaction with organizations promoting the cause of entrepreneurship and leadership
Programs and Events:
1. Entrepreneurship awareness camp to sensitize students
2. Entrepreneurship Development Conclave
3. Regular guest lectures from entrepreneurs/industry experts/agencies to promote the spirit of entrepreneurship amongst students
4. Contests on product launch, business plan among many others
5. Research
6. ED Conclave
7. ED Event
8. The ED Cell and the Incubation Centre here is working together with a strong resolve to identify potential innovators with an Entrepreneurial bent of mind and support them to develop technological products/processes leading to successful business enterprises.
Below is the EDC Core Committee details in "Name:, Designation:, Department: " format:
1.
Name of the Member: Dr.N.Rana Pratap Reddy
Designation: Chairman
Department: Principal
2.
Name of the Member: Dr.Shekar H.S
Designation: Convener
Department: MBA
3.
Name of the Member: Dr.Guruprasad N
Designation: Professor
Department: CSE
4.
Name of the Member: Dr. Ramesh Manoli
Designation: Professor
Department: Civil
5.
Name of the Member: Dr. Bharat V
Designation: Professor
Department: Mechanical
6.
Name of the Member: Dr. Manjunath R.C
Designation: Assoc. Professor
Department: E&C
7.
Name of the Member: Prof. Poornima.K
Designation: Assoc. Professor
Department: MBA
8.
Name of the Member: Prof. Ruma Sinha
Designation: Assoc. Professor
Department: EE
9.
Name of the Member: Prof.Sharmila
Designation: Asst. Professor
Department: IS
10. 
Name of the Member: Dr. Shekar H.S
Designation: Convener ED-Cell
Mobile :
Email :```

These are the details related to:- ise-faculty/gat-ise-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ise-faculty:
```Below are the faculty details of Information Science department in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. Kiran Y. C.: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of Department-ISE/Information Science)
I extend warm greetings from the Department of Information Science and Engineering (ISE), with a commitment in ensuring great careers for its students. For us, this means to have a deeper industry linkage than ever before, creating a research culture from day one and ensuring seamless education using the best technology available anywhere. I will continue to do all that it takes to ensure the best job opportunities through career focused education for our student. The excellent infrastructure, teaching faculty of the best kind of the Department ensuring quality education such as interaction among students, parents, and staff, along with a Training and Placement Cell ensures a bright future to its students. The Department of ISE is striving hard towards the goal of providing innovative and quality education with high standard to achieve academic excellence and provides platform for the students to achieve their career goals.
Our Department has produced hundreds of professionals and has established a name for itself in the country and abroad. They have consistently excelled in the highly competitive industrial environment in top-ranking companies. I attribute this success to the winning combination of a dedicated faculty that works hard at imparting quality education, a well- planned syllabus and finally, our students. I strongly believe that learning never ends with the acquisition of a degree.
It is a life-long process, especially because of steady and rapid advances in computing technologies shorten the life of tools and techniques prevalent today. Obsolescence begins when learning ends. Our students are given a strong foundation in information science and problem-solving techniques and are made adaptable to changes. Come and join us and be part of our accomplishment.
2. Dr. Nirmala H: M.Tech, Ph.D
3. Dr. Manjunath S.: M.Tech, Ph.D
4. Dr. Vimuktha Evangeleen Salis: BSc, MS, Ph.D
5. Dr. Asha K H: M.Tech, Ph.D
6. Dr. Kavitha Patil: M.Tech, Ph.D
7. Dr. Sridhar R.: M.Tech, Ph.D
8. Sharmila C.: M.Tech
9. Patanjali C: M.Tech
10. Kavita V Horadi: M.Tech
11. Vijay Kumar S: M.Tech
12. Hemanth Chandra N: M.Tech
13. Indushree M: M.Tech
14. Poornima R M: M.Tech
15. Subhash Kamble: M.Tech
16. Indu B: M.Tech
17. Mahendra M K: M.Tech
18. Prashanth J: M.Tech
19. Akshatha Preeth: M.Tech
20. Anusha U A: M.Tech
21. Manjula. B S: M.Tech
22. Priyanka H V: M.Tech
23. Vinayraj A S: M.Tech
Information Science```

These are the details related to:- ai-machine-learning-overview/gat-ai-machine-learning-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-machine-learning-overview:
```Introduction
1. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning is one of the fastest growing and in demand skill.
2. It is a technology used by every field of science, medicine and business administration. Some of its applications are found in every corner of the world like Agriculture, healthcare, driverless cars, E-commerce etc and it’s a dream to reinvent the world and human lifestyle.
3. An AI career is future-proof because it is a component of so many cutting-edge and forward-thinking advancements. Companies look to harness such aspiring technologies and the skills in this area are most required.
4. Therefore, we at Global Academy of Technology offer you this exciting 4-year B.E program in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to create a vibrant learning ecosystem where every student is professionally groomed to full-fill the needs of new era of AI & ML.
Our Vision at GAT is:
- To provide progressive education and create transformative professionals and leaders to harness the power of technology and make a positive impact on the society.
Our Mission at GAT is:
- Quality Education: To adopt a student centric curriculum delivery process with emphasis on problem solving and programming skills.
- Innovation: To collaborate with industries and professional bodies and make the students industry ready. To drive innovation through multi-disciplinary research and development activities.
- Skill Development & Ethics: To endorse additional skill development through student forums and experiential learning. Inculcate human values for a smarter and ethical world.
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- about-research/gat-about-research/Global-Academy-of-Technology-about-research:
```About Research
GAT has understood the need for integrating meaningful research activities with academics to
enhance the scholastic standards in teaching and the quality of output. The management of the GAT
has determined to promote research and consultancy activities in association with industries and
national/ international institutions of repute. In line with the vision of making GAT a centre of
excellence in engineering education, management of GAT has constituted a RESEARCH ADVISORY
COMMITTEE (RAC) to guide the institution with a clear focus on the way the activities of research
and consultancy must progress. A research policy document approved by the management describes
the guidelines and methodology of carrying out research and consultancy activities in the institution.
RAC advises the top management and the faculties of the institution on the emerging areas of
research and consultancy, sponsored research, industrial training etc. 
The scope of activities envisaged are:
1. To provide policy guidelines and direction for the growth and development of research activities
2. To suggest measures for improving existing infrastructural facilities both for academic and sponsored research and enhancing research ambiance.
3. Conduct regular workshops related to Research methodology and how to write proposals for getting financial assistance through funding agencies.
4. Recommends organizing National and International conferences in emerging areas
5. Circulation of information on the national and international conferences conducted in various institutions pan India/ abroad to all faculty members.
6. Advises faculty members to submit research proposals to various funding agencies.
7. The institute has VTU recognized research centres in Civil, Mechanical. Electrical, Electronics, Computer Science, and Information Science. Basic Sciences – Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics departments have VTU recognised Research Centres. In addition, MBA department has a research centre approved by VTU.
8. Innovative research activities help the faculty members to stay in touch with the emerging trends in their areas of expertise. Many faculty members are carrying out their research in core and applied research areas in these centres. RAC coordinates with different research centres of the institute and create a centralized database of the research activities and research scholars, pertaining to various research centres of the Institute.
9. The present focus of the institute is to improve the laboratory infrastructure by bringing new industry relevant technology to enable higher level of learning in students, foster integrated learning by providing multiple industry relevant interfaces, enable students to take up industry relevant projects and encourage faculty to take up research by providing ability to add customer logic.
Research```

These are the details related to:- civil-achievements/gat-civil-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-achievements:
```Below are the Achievements and VTU Ranks of Civil department.
1.
Name: Ranjitha B R
Achievement: VTU 2nd Rank
Profile: BE Civil Engineering-2012
2.
Name: Niveditha A
Achievement: VTU Gold Medalist and 1st Rank
Profile: BE Civil Engineering-2015
3.
Name: Akash K S
Achievement: VTU 6th Rank
Profile: BE Civil Engineering-2018
4.
Name: Meghan Gowda J S
Achievement: VTU 1st Rank 
Profile: MTech Structural Engineering, 2018
5.
Name: Sunny J
Achievement: VTU 3rd Rank 
Profile: MTech Structural Engineering-2018
UG Students:
1. Shalini Yadav, Sushmitha L Gowda, Teja Jagadeesh- Wins the Best Paper Award in National Conference on Road and Infrastructure - INFRA ROAD TECH 2019, Worked Under the Guidance of Ms. Reashma P S
Research & Innovations:
1. Gat Students proposed a unique, systematic, and methodological concept to tackle Solid Waste Management – Smart BinUnder the Guidance of Ms. Khushbu K Birawat
2. Solid waste Management - A Smart Approach
Students Project Selected for final seminar presentation KSCST, 40th Series August 2017:
- Solid waste Management - A Smart Approach
- Solid waste Management - A Smart Approach
1.
Name: Dr. Shalini G (Coastal Studies & Research)
Achievement: Secured Best Poster Award at International Symposium on Advances in Coastal Research with special reference to Indo Pacific (AdCoRe IP-2019) organized by Govt. of India, Ministry of Earth Sciences, National Centre for Coastal Research (NCCR)
2.
Name: Dr. SavithriKaranath(Research on Fibre Reinforced Concrete)
Achievement: Secured Best Paper Award for the paper titled “Effect of Fire on Waste Plastic Fibre Reinforced Concrete”presented at ICGCSE-17MITE, Mangalore on March 2017. Secured Best Paper Award for the paper titled “Durability of Waste Plastic Fibre Reinforced Concrete Subjected to Sulphate Attack”presented at ICASET 2017 at RGIT, Bangalore on April 2017 Radiocity Change Makers of Bengaluru 2020
Civil```

These are the details related to:- alumni-testimonials:
```Below are the Testimonials from our proud Alumni:
1.
Name: Ananya Harish
Qualification: Master's student at Hochschule Darmstadt
Testimonial: I belong to the 2015-19 batch and was a student of Electrical and Electronics Engineering department. Both the lecturers and the staff of our department have always been helpful and supportive of the students. While I was a student, I was fortunate to participate in IEEE International conference, IEEE events, technical workshops and other cultural activities and fests. We as students also had the privilege of becoming IEEE members and were able to access IEEE research papers and ideas with ease. Not just the technical events, but the lectures were also very informative and educative. The lecturers are so friendly that till date I am in contact with them. Overall I have had an amazing experience with GAT EEE department.
Company: ETAS
2.
Name: Sujana Patwal
Qualification: Senior Quality Analyst
Testimonial: Hello, I’m Sujana. World college gave me a platform to stand in the industry. We’ve spent wonderful time in this college. My experience in GAT has been both educational and fun. I have met and made so many new friends. This college lives up to everything it offers. Two of the most important things I can honestly say that, students grasp through the engineering are a head start on college goals and a more concrete idea of careers of the future. The journey of the engineering program has truly been exhilarating and wonderful. I will without a doubt recommend this college to generations to come so that students around Bangalore may share in on the experience of such a college. Thanks to the many services provided by this college.
Company: Tata Consultancy Services Bangalore
3.
Name: Chaitrashree S
Qualification: Software Engineer
Testimonial: I’m happy to say that I have been graduated from Global Academy of Technology, Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering. To start with my college, including my faculty members would always encourage us to participate in all the academic and extra-curricular activities held. Not only did the college help me gain knowledge in my field, but it also provided top-notch facilities that contributed to my overall growth and development as an individual. The highly qualified faculty members go above and beyond to ensure students receive support they need. The projects, workshops and Internship opportunities that was provided were incredible and helped to gain confidence in the domain and learn new technologies to secure a good job. I’m grateful to the faculty in my department for their constant support, encouragement and mentoring during my academic journey, through both success and challenges.
Company: Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
4.
Name: Veena
Qualification: graduated
Testimonial: Hi, this is Veena. I was graduated in the year 2018 and campus placed to Bosch . Its been a splendid 5 years journey of my work life and if I were to thank , it would be my college first and also EEE department lecturers. In this tenure of four years, I had a great learning from my faculty and their support is commendable. The placement training also played a vital role in shaping us. This made me to have a very smooth start at my company with no obstacles. I take this opportunity to thank once again all my lecturers who had nourished me in all the ways to make my wish come true.
Company: Bosch
5.
Name: Zaid Bin Tariq
Qualification: MTech Structural Engineering
Testimonial: I am thrilled to share my experience as a Postgraduate of the Global Academy of Technology's Masters in Structural Engineering program from 2019 to 2021. This institution has been an invaluable part of my academic journey. The program's comprehensive curriculum equipped me with a deep understanding of structural principles and their practical applications. The dedicated faculty members, with their industry expertise, provided personalized guidance that nurtured my academic growth.
Throughout my time at GAT, I was exposed to cutting-edge research and real-world projects, allowing me to bridge the gap between theory and practice. The well-equipped labs further enhanced my learning experience. Collaborative projects and discussions with fellow students from diverse backgrounds enriched my perspective and honed my teamwork skills.
I am particularly grateful for the academy's emphasis on holistic development, encouraging participation in extracurricular activities and industry interactions. These opportunities not only polished my soft skills but also expanded my professional network. Today, as a successful structural engineer, I credit much of my accomplishments to the education and exposure I received at the Global Academy of Technology.
Company: Fosroc Chemicals India Private Limited.
6.
Name: Vishal Gowda Ns
Qualification: Mtech Structural Engineering
Testimonial: “When I think about my time while studying Master of Technology in Structural engineering at Global Academy Of technology, one word that describes it well is outstanding. I really liked the classes and everything I learned. It helped me do well in my career right after I finished College . While I was at GAT, I learned about Civil Engineering,Structural Engineering topics, which I always found interesting and grew to love while getting my degree on campus. One really good thing about the Civil Engineering Department is the teachers. They really get how combining class discussions with real-life examples helps them study various topics in Civil Engineering. I really liked connecting what I learned in my degree to what's happening in the world right now. Because of good knowledge, I worked as a outsource engineer on various projects on RCC structure and Steel structures concepts”.
Company: Trainee Engineer at Transys Consulting Private Limited.
7.
Name: Vijay Kulkarni
Qualification: MTech Structural Engineering
Testimonial: I am happy to share my experience as a Postgraduate student of the Global Academy of Technology's Masters in Structural Engineering program from 2019 to 2021. The program's comprehensive curriculum equipped me with a deep understanding of structural principles and their practical applications. The dedicated faculty members, with their industry expertise, provided personalized guidance that nurtured my academic interest.
During the course, was exposed to cutting-edge research and real-world projects, allowing me to bridge the gap between theory and practice. The well-equipped labs further enhanced my learning experience. Collaborative projects and discussions with fellow students from diverse backgrounds enriched my perspective and honed my teamwork skills. The guidance and motivation provided by the professors was immense and helped me to sail through the course with flying colours.
The association with the institute has made me a seasoned structural engineer and now I am able to contribute to the cause of nation building by applying my learnings and solving special challenges faced by the engineers in the field of structural strengthening and retrofitting., I wish the
institute the very best in its future years and I am sure that, Global Academy of Technology will be the destiny of every engineer in future.
Company: Fosroc Chemicals India Private Limited.
8.
Name: Sushma Nc
Qualification: Graduate Engineer, Atkins
Testimonial: I am a proud alumnus of Global Academy of Technology, Department of Civil Engineering. This college has given me the best educa on that can be used to grow my professional career as well as my personal life. Its exposure to sports and cultural ac vi es helped in develop interpersonal skills that made me the person I am today. I am grateful to the faculty members for guiding me and making my Engineering journey a be er one.
Company: Atkins
9.
Name: Rakshit R Hegde
Qualification: Bachelor of Civil Engineering
Testimonial: I am immensely proud to be a 2020 graduate of the Civil Engineering program at Global Academy of Technology. My journey from a curious student to a professional in the construction industry has been going great.
During my time in GAT, I gained technical knowledge and practical skills. They have proven to be vital in the real world. The faculty members were always available. A few were mentors to me who guided me throughout my academic journey. The hands-on projects and industry interactions prepared me for the challenges ahead.
The campus placement program gave me an opportunity to work at Sobha Limited. I am grateful to the university's placement cell for providing me with this platform to kick-start my career during the peak of the pandemic in 2020. Working at Sobha has been an incredible experience where I've had the chance to contribute to three projects and the handover of 598 flats and 14-row houses. The skills I acquired during my studies have proven invaluable as I tackle real-world engineering challenges.
The emphasis on attention to detail, teamwork, and innovative thinking that I imbibed during my university and work years have contributed to my future. The college has not only provided me with a degree but instilled a sense of responsibility towards society and the environment.
Looking back, I am grateful for the opportunities and the support I've received. The journey from a graduate to a practising civil engineer has been fulfilling. I am excited to continue the process of growing, learning, and making a positive impact in the world.
Company: Sobha Limited
10.
Name: Pradeepkumar S
Qualification: Structural Engineer
Testimonial: I am proud to be a Post Graduate of Global Academy of Technology, Department of Civil Engineering. This college has given me the opportunity to further enhance my knowledge in Civil & Structural Engineering during my post-graduation education with the best accessible facility and training in the field of Civil & Structural Engineering, and has helped me to become a more efficient and competent professional engineer in the Civil engineer. The faculty members are highly qualified and experienced, and they have guided me throughout my academic journey. They have also taught me the values of ethics, professionalism, and social responsibility. The college has also provided me with ample opportunities to participate in extracurricular activities, such as sports, cultural events, and technical fests. These activities have enriched my personality and enhanced my knowledge and skills, I am Grateful to Global Academy of Technology for shaping my career and making me a better person.
Company: V-STRUCT SERVICES (OPC) PVT. LTD.
11.
Name: SANJAY M PATIL
Qualification: Graduate Apprentice Trainee (GAT)
Testimonial: I am proud to be a graduate of Global Academy of Technology, Department of Mechanical Engineering. This college has given me the best education and training in the field of mechanical engineering, and has helped me to become a competent and confident engineer. The faculty members are highly qualified and experienced, and they have guided me throughout my academic journey. They have also taught me the values of ethics, professionalism, and social responsibility. The college has also provided me with ample opportunities to participate in extracurricular activities, such as sports, cultural events, and technical fests. These activities have enriched my personality and enhanced my skills. I am grateful to Global Academy of Technology for shaping my career and making me a better person.
Company: BOSCH Ltd
12.
Name: Nikhil V Hoskoti
Qualification: Design Engineer
Testimonial: My name is Nikhil, and I had a wonderful and enjoyable experience at GAT. It was a key period in my life as I began to pursue a job. The instructors at the Mechanical Engineering department were all very qualified and friendly, and they assisted me in growing as a leader. Working together and traveling to Nagpur to compete in the national level solar car challenge as a team was truly the penultimate experience. My professors provided me the latitude to develop my research skills during my four-year appointment by encouraging me to participate in various conferences, serve as an industry intern, and organize industrial visits. Overall, I wish to savour this lovely experience once more because it was so unforgettable.
Company: UCAM Pvt. Ltd
13.
Name: Rohit Bhat H
Qualification: Design & Production Engineer
Testimonial: I'm Rohit, and my experience at GAT was excellent because it's a crucial time in life to launch my career. The Mechanical Engineering Department was excellent since all of the faculty and I had a strong connection. It was an insane experience to work as a team and go to Nagpur to represent our college by competing in the national level solar vehicle challenge. Throughout my four-year term, my faculty gave me the freedom to hone my research talents and participate at various conferences. Being a part of a few organisations like NSS, NDLI, and SAE also provided a range of goes through.
Company: MVCorp Aquila Pvt. Ltd.
14.
Name: Sahithi
Qualification: Software Product Developer
Testimonial: I am Sahithi from Electronics and Communication department, it takes me immense pride to be called as a student of ECE , as there was nothing that i missed out during my college days being in this department. Be it studies, extracurricular activities or sports, our department has always uplifted a student's talent and encouraged them to the fullest of their ability. Teachers being the best support system, we could make our dreams come true.
Today I work at a prestigious organization and a Tier 1 company Robert Bosch Engineering solutions as a software product developer. It has been 2years of my journey, and there is no looking back. All my credits go to the most hardworking and best department of Global academy of technology ... Department of ECE.
Company: Infosys
15.
Name: Sadhana Chitlapalli
Qualification: Full-stack developer
Testimonial: I graduated from ECE Department, Global Academy of Technology in 2019. Firstly, the kind of atmosphere created by the faculty and the HOD in our wing is very warm and welcoming. The support provided by each member of our faculty is immense and reached out to every student of our department. The environment created by the faculty is the ideal type of environment required for a student to excel. From my personal experience I would like to note that any member of the department is easy to approach and are willing to clarify student's doubts and solve his/ her issue. Certain times when I couldn’t figure out few things taught inside the class, the teachers were readily available even after college hours to get my doubts clarified. I feel the perfect blend of friendliness and professionalism is the winning formula of our department. Me, being a trained dancer, myself was given all the support from my faculty and HOD to actively participate in many cultural programs. Students who were good at sports were also given the same support. During our department fest, Resonance, all the students are given a chance to showcase their technical as well as cultural abilities. With constant support and encouragement from our department, I was able to do a paper presentation, participate actively in placement drives, participate in all cultural activities and balance everything along with scoring good grades. I was always encouraged to actively participate in learning as well as cultural activities which is what gave me self-confidence and helped me to be a better individual.
Company: Infosys
16.
Name: Srinidhi M P
Qualification: HR Manager
Testimonial: Global Academy of Technology offers high quality education to nurture young minds to become the best version of themselves. I’m grateful to my alma mater for equipping me not just with industry ready skills but also to be a socially responsible citizen. The ECE Department [ECE] of Global Academy of Technology is highly competent and dynamic. The HOD has strong leadership skills and a vision to make every student industry ready. He is supported by highly efficient faculty members who have rich experience in both industry and academia. They are highly dedicated and committed to impart their knowledge to all the students and use variety of teaching methodologies in doing so. The non-teaching staff have strong practical knowledge and make the lab sessions effective and impactful. All in all, the entire ECE department strives hard to provide a plethora of opportunities to students through various workshops, conferences, and internships to ensure students' holistic development and prepare them to be ready for the professional world.
Company: Dimaag-AI India Pvt Ltd Bangalore
17.
Name: Prashanth Kumar
Qualification: Assistant Manager
Testimonial: I got the opportunity to meet different kinds of people and learn many things in the process. I am thankful to all my teachers and every single mentor who helped me to achieve my goals during my collage days. Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I have a lifetime of good memories. I do remember my 1st and 2nd Sem days in college. I was very scared because I was coming from 2500 Km away but the support which I received from all my teachers and my classmates was wonderful. Never felt alone in ups and down during my collage days in GAT. Well-qualified and wonderful teachers and their support will always be remembered.
Company: Def Macro Software Private Limited Bangalore
18.
Name: Sharath C
Qualification: Application Developer
Testimonial: I started my engineering journey in Global Academy of Technology with an enthusiasm to learn new things. The college ambience encourages the students to acquire the skills of an engineer. I have learnt a lot from my faculty who were always supportive and guided me in a right path and made my journey memorable.
I was supported well by my faculty and placement department in preparing for the placement drives. Companies like Bosch Infosys Capgemini used to conduct placement drives in GAT. I being an alumni of the Electronics and Communication department, feel proud to have been a member of this institute.
Company: Unisys India Limited, Bengaluru
19.
Name: Rahul R
Qualification: Developer
Testimonial: I'm Rahul from the Electronics and Communication department, and I'm quite proud to be referred to as an ECE student because I didn't miss anything when I was a student there. Whether a student is involved in academics, extracurricular activities, or sports, our department has always praised their skill and supported them to the best extent possible. With teachers as our best support system, we can achieve our goals.
Company: Bosch, India
20.
Name: Mayank Sharma
Qualification: Regional Operations Manager – Europe & MEE
Testimonial: "Graduating with a B.E. in Information Science and Engineering from Global Academy of Technology in 2012 fills me with immense pride. The education and nurturing environment provided a strong foundation for my career. Currently, as the Regional Operations Manager at SAP Ireland, I'm thankful for the skills gained during my time at the academy. The impactful lessons and fond memories continue to fuel my professional journey. Engaging in cultural and co-curricular activities there not only enriched my holistic growth but also imparted teamwork and leadership skills crucial for my role. As an enthusiastic alum, I hold dear the connections made and the transformative impact my alma mater had on shaping.
Company: SAP, Ireland
21.
Name: Pratiksha Kulkarni
Qualification: Data Engineer
Testimonial: As a graduate of the Global Academy of Technology in the Department of Information Science, I can confidently express that my time at GAT was a source of immense joy and a truly holistic experience. Over the course of four terms, the faculty played a pivotal role in nurturing not only my technical skills but also my communication abilities. Their encouragement to participate in a multitude of events, both within and beyond the college, added a dynamic dimension to my education. Additionally, the college's unwavering support during placement training was instrumental in preparing me for a successful start to my professional career. I am deeply grateful to GAT for its pivotal role in shaping my career and instilling the confidence that defines me today.
Company: Lti mindtree
22.
Name: ISHA A MARLECHA
Qualification: Associate Software Engineer
Testimonial: I came to Global Academy of Technology with many hopes and dreams and I was not disappointed. When I stepped onto campus, I was welcomed into a vibrant community that encouraged intellectual curiosity, personal growth, and lasting connections. One of the most remarkable aspects of my time here was the dedicated and inspiring faculty. They were always willing to go the extra mile to help their students succeed. The diverse curriculum allowed me to explore various subjects, helping me discover my true interests and strengths. Overall, my experience at this institution was wonderful. I learned so much, both academically and personally. I made lifelong friends, and I gained the skills and confidence that I need to succeed in my career.
Company: Ventriks
23.
Name: JEEVAN TG
Qualification: Pursuing M S Computer Science
Testimonial: I am delighted to express my gratitude for my time at GAT. Pursuing Information Science Engineering here has been a transformative experience. The college's commitment to academic excellence, coupled with a supportive environment, has enabled me to thrive. The dedicated faculty imparted not only technical knowledge but also a passion for innovation. Collaborative projects and an inclusive environment enriched my learning experience. Workshops and seminars provided valuable insights beyond the curriculum. Embarking on the journey of a Masters degree program, I bring with me not just a degree, but also a multitude of experiences that have profoundly shaped my perspective. I am immensely grateful for the opportunities, guidance, and friendships this journey has offered. I am confident that the education and values instilled here will serve as a strong backbone for my future endeavours.
Company: Saint Louis University, USA
24.
Name: Vishwas K V
Qualification: Software Engineer
Testimonial: I'm Vishwas K. V., and as a graduate of the department of information science and engineering at the Global Academy of Technology (2018–2022), I can't express how impressed I am with the kind of education I received. Strong foundation was supplied by the faculty's knowledge and commitment, and our future was made possible by the extensive placement program. Professors worked diligently to promote our participation in hackathons, approve requests for useful internships, and plan informative activities. I would like to thank Dr. Dheeraj D, Dr. Deepthi V S for providing us with many opportunities to shape our career. I even would like to thank Dr. Kiran Y C (HOD , Dept of ISE , GAT ) for providing us internship opportunities. My academic path was genuinely transforming because of the academy's dedication to promoting creativity and ongoing learning, together with practical experiences. I sincerely thank the organization for influencing my professional and personal development.
Company: Wells Fargo
25.
Name: SATWIK D P
Qualification: Graduate Engineer trainee
Testimonial: I am Satwik DP, graduate of Global Academy of Technology from Information Science Department. Engineering is a phase where I turned from a consumer to a contributor to society. In this journey I had the privilege to come across many people who nurtured and supported me in building my technical and soft skills. Professors from my department recognized and supported my talent by providing freedom to actively participate in all the technical and non technical events. Professors were skilled enough to provide us with technical knowledge according to the industrial standards. We were also exposed to different technologies that was beyond our curriculum. I also had the privilege to represent the college cultural team Kalaparva at different state and national level competitions. It feels proud to be a part of the team that bagged a gold medal for
mime in 2022 VTU Youth Fest. Finally, I feel very happy to be an engineer from Global Academy of Technology.
Company: Mercedes Benz R and D India
26.
Name: Abhishek V Tatachar
Qualification: Graduate
Testimonial: Scholar at SAP Labs India | MTech at Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani. I am a proud graduate from the Department of Information Science and Engineering, Global Academy of Technology. I completed my Bachelor of Engineering in 2022. As a student at GAT, I have always seen myself heading in the right direction through the guidance of my professors, with opportunities all along the way, to research, learn and upskill. It’s commendable how our college crafted students into industry ready candidates through the four-year journey. Apart from core academics, the college also provided opportunities to build leadership skills by promoting Hackathons, and intra-department and inter-department activities. I really appreciate the efforts put in by my department and the college in successfully conducting classes through the covid times ensuring we were not missing out on what’s important to a student in a professional course. My heartfelt gratitude to the placement department at GAT, that oversaw the placements for our batch and ensured most of us were placed into reputed institutions.
Company: SAP Labs India
27.
Name: Mrudula V Tatachar
Qualification: Business Analyst
Testimonial: I am thrilled to share my exceptional journey as a graduate of Global Academy of Technology (GAT). My name is Mrudula, and I completed my BE degree at GAT. I am excited to express my gratitude for the incredible opportunities and experiences that this esteemed institution provided me.
During my time at GAT, I was not only immersed in academic excellence but also exposed to a world of opportunities beyond the classroom. The emphasis on community engagement allowed me to actively participate in various volunteering initiatives. These experiences not only broadened my horizons but also instilled a deep sense of social responsibility within me.
What truly distinguishes GAT is its unwavering commitment to nurturing students' careers. The college's robust industry connections facilitated numerous placement opportunities, and the comprehensive career guidance and preparation resources equipped me with the skills and confidence needed to succeed in today's competitive job market.
Looking back, I take pride in my proactive approach to seizing the opportunities presented to me. Whether it was volunteering, engaging in placement activities, or participating in skill enhancement workshops, each endeavour contributed to my personal and professional growth.
As I embark on a successful career journey, I attribute a significant portion of my achievements to the foundation provided by Global Academy of Technology. The college's holistic approach to education, combined with the opportunities I embraced wholeheartedly, has shaped me into a well-rounded individual capable of overcoming challenges. I am immensely grateful for the nurturing environment, exceptional support, and abundance of opportunities that GAT provided me. My time at GAT will forever hold a cherished place in my heart as a period of learning, growth, and transformation.
Company: Element Fleet Management
28.
Name: A.S. Vinay Raj
Qualification: Assistant Professor
Testimonial: "Hi... I am Vinay Raj A.S a pass out of 2013 batch from GAT and Currently working as Assistant Professor in MVJ College of Engineering. I can never forget the contributions of the ISE Department, My Faculty helping me develop those Crucial skills which are required to have a successful life. Not just the technical knowledge, but also, the infrastructure and student forums, helped to step out my comfort zone and gave me opportunity to apply what I have learnt at GAT. "
Company: MVJ College of Engineering
Alumni```

These are the details related to:- why-gat/why-global-academy-of-technology/why-gat:
```Why GAT ?
1. Global Academy of Technology is an institution that has existed for over 2 decades, amassing great teaching and research experience over the years. Our faculty and staff are carefully selected to ensure that students are given the best quality of education. 
2. GAT has a culture like no other making in one of the top 10 engineering colleges in Karnataka. Students not only have access to quality education but are exposed to real world situations and challenges to prepare them for a bright future. 
3. Our curriculum is designed in a way in which students get a holistic understanding. The institution encourages students to participate in sports, cultural events, and intercollegiate meets.
4. We also have strategic tie-ups with institutions of repute and industry to engage students in real time projects. It is mandatory for students to partake in internship, mini-projects, and projects during their academic journey at GAT.
5. The institution also provides an ambience perfect for learning and development. The serenity of the 8-acre green campus is congenial for students to grow & prosper.
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- mechanical-achievements/gat-mechanical-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-mechanical-achievements:
```Achievements of the Mechanical department, GAT:
1. 4th place in International Gokart F9 championship, Bhopal
2. 1st place in Business plan, manufacturing, and 2nd place in innovation @ International Gokart F9 championship, Bhopal
3. 1st place in design and 2nd place in endurance at Indian karting ISIE, Coimbatore. Best cost report award, autocross award, and built quality award @ Siegers Pro karting championship.
4. Best cost report award, autocross award, and built quality award @ Siegers Pro karting championship.
5. Runner-up in business Plan @ National Solar Vehicle Challenge
6. Runner-up in Autocross @ Electric Solar vehicle championship, Nagpur.
7. 72nd position at National level @ Supra SAE, Madras Motor Sports Racing, Chennai
8. 72nd position at National level @ Supra SAE, Buddh International Circuit, Noida
Mechanical```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-pos-cos-details/gat-ai-ml-pos-cos-details/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-pos-cos-details:
```Program Educational Objectives of AI-ML department:
1. Able to practice and implement their success skills like problem solving, communication and collaboration for providing innovative engineering solutions.
2. Contribute their AI & ML expertise grounded in computer science as members and leaders of professional engineering teams in multidisciplinary applications.
3. Demonstrate lifelong learning through continued professional development and higher education in top graduate technical, research and management programs.
4. Demonstrate a commitment to society by applying the skills and knowledge for a smarter and ethical world.
Program Specific Outcomes (PSO):
1. Graduates will be Proficient in programming and problem-solving skills for developing, managing software and distributed systems.
2. Graduates will be able to identify, formulate, predict and solve real world problems by applying principles of Artificial Intelligence & Machine learning.
Program Outcomes:
Below are the Program outcomes the Engineering Graduates will be able to gain in "Field: Description" format:
1. Engineering Knowledge: Apply the knowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals, and an engineering specialization to the solution of complex engineering problems.
2. Problem Analysis: Identify, formulate, review research literature, and analyze complex engineering problems reaching substantiated conclusions using first principles of mathematics, natural sciences, and engineering sciences.
3. Design/Development of Solutions: Design solutions for complex engineering problems and design system components or processes that meet the specified needs with appropriate consideration for the public health and safety, and the cultural, societal, and environmental considerations.
4. Conduct Investigations of Complex Problems: Use research-based knowledge and research methods including design of experiments, analysis and interpretation of data, and synthesis of the information to provide valid conclusions.
5. Modern Tool Usage: Create, select, and apply appropriate techniques, resources, and modern engineering and IT tools including prediction and modeling to complex engineering activities with an understanding of the limitations.
6. The Engineer and Society: Apply reasoning informed by the contextual knowledge to assess societal, health, safety, legal and cultural issues and the consequent responsibilities relevant to the professional engineering practice.
7. Environment and Sustainability: Understand the impact of the professional engineering solutions in societal and environmental contexts, and demonstrate the knowledge of, and need for sustainable development.
8. Ethics: Apply ethical principles and commit to professional ethics and responsibilities and norms of the engineering practice.
9. Individual and Team Work: Function effectively as an individual, and as a member or leader in diverse teams, and in multidisciplinary settings.
10. Communication: Communicate effectively on complex engineering activities with the engineering community and with society at large, such as, being able to comprehend and write effective reports and design documentation, make effective presentations, and give and receive clear instructions.
11. Project Management and Finance: Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the engineering and management principles and apply these to one’s own work, as a member and leader in a team, to manage projects and in multidisciplinary environments.
12. Life-Long Learning: Recognize the need for, and have the preparation and ability to engage in independent and life-long learning in the broadest context of technological change.
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- question-papers#panel2:
```Model Question Papers
First Semester Model Question Paper - 2021 Scheme
First Semester Model Question Paper - 2020 Scheme```

These are the details related to:- placement-career-counselling-overview/gat-placement-career-counselling/Global-Academy-of-Technology-placement-career-counselling:
```Overview of Career Counselling, Training and Placement (CCTP)
Career Counselling, Training and Placement (CCTP) department is an elite wing of Global Academy of Technology (GAT) with a mandate to serve the student community by creating best career opportunities for engineering and management students. Spearheaded by the Director-CCTP along with a strong professional team and student representatives, the department works round the year and closely coordinates with recruiting teams from leading corporate houses to make sure that every student gets suitable career opportunities during the final year of their academic program. A reliable and trustworthy relationship has been established by the Placement Director at GAT with the HR's of numerous esteemed organizations that has contributed to the successful placements of students over the years.
CCTP cell has a perfect understanding of how the corporate world works and this helps in organizing events and programs that provide avenues to the students to get exposed to the real world of work. At present there is a great demand for professionals across the industry spectrum with strong engineering/managerial skill-sets, life-skills, communication and learning agility.
The department arranges In-house progressive training, projects and internships with corporate organizations so that the students may get a comprehensive industry orientation helpful in polishing their skills before they start their actual careers.
Below are the Testimonials of the students about the Career Counselling, Training and Placement (CCTP):
1.
Name: BHUMIKA S
Testimonial: Global Academy of Technology, Bangalore is an eminent institute. Placement is very good. Every year students get placement in well reputed and renowned companies, curriculum is excellent. College also provides us internships for better future and experience. I am thankful to Training & Placement cell for providing a platform to enhance my skills and an opportunity to showcase them. The placement cell is very supportive, and they have conducted various sessions which helped me to get placed in a very reputed company.
USN:1GA18CV016
Placement: Placed @ Infosys
2.
Name: VIDYASHREE L
Testimonial: My name is Vidyashree L, I'm currently pursuing my 8th semester, in Civil engineering. Faculties do support us to work in mini projects, internship and to get connected with outside industry. Placements Department helped me to get placed in a reputed Core-Company. I got an opportunity to do internship in IISC for which I’m very grateful for my Civil department.
USN:1GA18CV121
Placement: Placed @ Purvankara
3.
Name: PRAJWAL P CHURI
Testimonial: “It was a great time studying in Global Academy of Technology, I got placed in two companies LTI - Larsen & Toubro Infotech and People Intouch B V. Placement Department and Faculties supported me in all aspects and helped me get placed at the starting of the 7th semester. I would like to thank the Principal, Management, Dept of CSE, Placement Department for all the support what they have given.”
USN:1GA18CS110
Placement: Placed @ Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd (LTI) - Level-1 (&) People Intouch B V
4.
Name: NAMRATHA S KHASNIS
Testimonial: I am extremely thankful towards the Placement Department at Global Academy of Technology for providing me with support and encouragement even during the most difficult parts of the placement semester. It was very difficult to manage academics, a research project, and placements all in one semester, but the placement cell made sure to coordinate with our academic department to ensure the best possible teamwork to support a student. I would also like to express my appreciation to the placement coordinators working in the CSE department.
USN:1GA18CS093
Placement: Placed @ Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd (LTI) - Level-1 (&) Wipro Ltd
5.
Name: SHARAN S
Testimonial: “My experience at Global Academy of Technology has been wonderful over these 4 years. It has been almost a year that I got placed in Infosys from campus whilst learning a lot, academically and in career development. The Faculty and Placement Officials have been supportive throughout. Their all-time support and motivation has enlightened me immensely throughout my placement journey.”
USN:1GA18CS148
Placement: Placed @ Infosys Ltd-Elevated offer
6.
Name: AADITYA RAMAPRASAD
Testimonial: “My experience with Placements at Global Academy of Technology has been great. I have been placed at SAP Labs India before 7th semester even began, and I wouldn’t have heard of this opportunity if not for our college’s placement department which keeps sending a lot of emails about new opportunities at multiple companies every week. So, I’m grateful for my CSE Department, and also the Placement Department for all the support.”
USN:1GA18CS119
Placement: Placed @ SAP LABS INDIA
7.
Name: BHOOMIKA JV
Testimonial: “My 4 years of experience at Global Academy of Technology is great and memorable. The entire management, department and faculty leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. I am thankful to Training & Placement department for providing progressive training and an opportunity to showcase them by organizing placements in this pandemic and helping me to get placed in 5 companies on Campus including FIS Global, Birlasoft , Wipro ,Infosys and Capgemini”.
USN:1GA18CS186
Placement: Placed @ FIS Global, Birlasoft, Wipro, Infosys (&) Capgemini
8.
Name: SANJANA K
Testimonial: Placement for any student is a vital part of the degree course irrespective of the stream and career path. It’s hard to put into words how grateful I’m for our Placement department and placement officers to have contributed to me and my peers. In a nutshell, our placement department makes every effort to equip us for placement season right from our first year of engineering. Technical, soft skills, group discussion, you name the skill, they’ve got you covered with their extensive and well researched training program. I truly think that is the real game changer. Covid created a wave of uncertainty in all our lives, especially me. I was really anxious about the job market and about the reaction from the IT industry towards the pandemic. To be accurate enough, it didn’t even feel like a bit of a problem because our placement department had set up everything for us. My offer from FIS Global is more than a dream offer for me. It has set an excellent tone for my early career path.
USN:1GA18CS143
Placement: Placed @ Infosys Ltd, Wipro Ltd, TCS, IBM India (&) FIS Global
9.
Name: ULLAS B C
Testimonial: GAT has provided wonderful placement opportunities which helped me to get placed in Wipro and Infosys. Numerous companies visit our campus every year. It has also offered placement training to crack the interview process.
USN:1GA18EC173
Placement: Placed @ Infosys Ltd (&) Wipro Ltd
10.
Name: HRISHIKESH R
Testimonial: In my past 4 years, GAT has provided me with a platform to learn and explore without any constraints. The faculty at the training and placement department have industry-based knowledge which really helped me connect to the outside world. The excellent high performance Training and placement lab helped me develop a lot of professional skills and helped kickstart my professional career. Monthly aptitude tests, mock interviews and interactive sessions with guest speakers helped me a lot to land a job. GAT has really helped me lift myself to greater heights which I never thought I'll achieve. Thank you, GAT.
USN:1GA18EC064
Placement: Placed @ Knowledge Lens Pvt.Ltd, Sonata Software (&) Capgemini
11.
Name: PUNYASHREE M
Testimonial: I consider myself very fortunate to be a part of GAT. My time at GAT has been great and a memory to cherish for a lifetime. The faculty here have been very supportive and have put in a great deal of effort in developing my academic and interpersonal skills. I am extremely grateful to the training and placement department for the numerous training sessions that has helped me develop both technical and soft skills. Being placed in three companies, I would like to appreciate the placement cell for their efforts in providing ample number of opportunities to students. The college has been very supportive and helpful during all times.
USN:1GA18IS037
Placement: Placed @ FIS Global, Wipro, Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd (LTI)
12.
Name: VIJAY SAKRE
Testimonial: The placement training in Global academy of technology is good. The placement training takes place every week to shoot up the confidence level of the students. After all the training activities, students will be able to crack the assessment of any company without any glitches. Thanks for the training that I was able to crack TCS interview.
USN:1GA18EC180
Placement: Placed @ TATA Consultancy Services (TCS)
13.
Name: YUKTHA KR
Testimonial: Every student graduating would dream to get into a good organization. That's only possible when we are trained and nurtured well. We were trained intensively for 15 days as part of the final phase of training before placements started which helped us to crack really good core and IT companies that visited our college for recruitment. It definitely helped us to find a good start for our career.
USN:1GA18EC186
Placement: Placed @ Bosch Global Software Technologies Pvt Ltd (BGSW), Infosys, Wipro,TCS (&) Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd (LTI)
14.
Name: SAADHVI HOSMANE
Testimonial: My four years at GAT have been amazing and a memory to cherish for a lifetime. It was full of learning and grooming oneself. It gave me an opportunity to meet different kinds of people and learn many things. I’m thankful for all the faculties of ISE Department for being supportive and guiding through in all the stages of my engineering journey. Due to pandemic, we were all worried about our placements but extremely thankful for GAT Training and Placement Cell who immensely helped each individual to get at least one offer.
USN:1GA18IS044
Placement: Placed @ Bosch Global Software Technologies Pvt Ltd (BGSW) (&) Larsen & Toubro Infotech Ltd (LTI)
15.
Name: ABHISHEK V TATACHAR
Testimonial: I feel extremely proud to be a part of the GAT family. My time at GAT has been fantastic and unforgettable. The faculty here have assisted me in improving my intellectual and interpersonal abilities. I am grateful to the Training and Placement cell for providing a platform for me to improve my talents and an opportunity to demonstrate them. I truely appreciate how the training and placement cell managed to train and smoothly conduct and manage placements during the covid lockdown period.
USN:1GA18IS001
Placement: Placed @ SAP Labs India Pvt. Ltd
16.
Name: VISHWAS K V
Testimonial: Global has made a significant contribution to my own growth. I have been able to push my talents to a whole new level. GAT's infrastructure is among the best, and it is what sticks out the most. The nicest element of GAT is the opportunities provided here to the students. Further, the faculty here at GAT are very supportive and help in the overall development of the student. Being placed in over 3 companies, I am very greatful to the placement and training department of GAT. The facilities and the opportunities provided, in terms of placement training, here are immense. The department has been very supportive and helpful as and when required.
USN:1GA18IS063
Placement: Placed @ Wells Fargo International, Hitachi Vantara Corporation, Infosys (&) Wipro
17.
Name: KIRAN SWAMY S
Testimonial: The B.E in the department of Computer Science and Engineering offered by GAT (Global Academy of Technology) has been a phenomenal experience. The faculty are outstanding and they made the learning easy and enthusiastic. They used to teach in more efficient way which helped me to build skills and made me more confident. The placement cell is very supportive and provided the right path to get placed. Their mentoring provided the gateway to enter the industry in which I am always interested to build a career. Truly GAT provides a great exposure to students to showcase their skills and helps in developing the knowledge in order to achieve their dreams. Apart from education the college ambience itself helps to build values and to develop interpersonal skills. The knowledge from faculty and support from the placement cell helped me to get placed in 'Infosys', 'Wipro' and 'FIS'. I am very much thankful to the faculty who helped me gain knowledge and placement cell who helped me to get placed.
USN:1GA18CS075
Placement: Placed @ FIS Global, Infosys Ltd (&) Wipro Ltd
18.
Name: TEJASHWINI H.S.
Testimonial: I thank Global Academy of Technology for giving me a opportunity to shape my career by guiding us with required technical knowledge and Engineering skills. The Training and Placement of GAT gave us many opportunities and trained us for the required industrial demand. Overall my experience in both campus and lectures gave me lot of memories to be remembered. I enjoyed my stay in college by acquiring both life and engineering skills needed to shape my future. I thank my Department of Mechanical Engineering for there immense support and opportunities.
USN:1GA18ME108
Placement: Placed @ enArka India, CareerLabs Technologies & Infosys Ltd
19.
Name: SANCHI P
Testimonial: Global academy of Technology has always provided me the assistance required for my overall growth in my academics. I am very grateful for all the efforts and support the faculty of Mechanical Engineering department has put to my preparation for a corporate life.
USN:1GA18ME093
Placement: Placed @ enArka India
20.
Name: SANJAY M PATIL
Testimonial: Global Academy of Technology has provided me with abundant training and placement opportunities along with a wonderful platform to develop useful engineering and leadership skills. I am grateful for the support and guidance given by the Mechanical Engineering Department throughout my engineering course and making me ready for my future endeavours.
USN:1GA18ME095
Placement: Placed @ Bosch Ltd (RBIN)
Placement```

These are the details related to:- international-admissions/gat-international-admissions/Global-Academy-of-Technology-international-admissions:
```International Admissions
Global Academy of Technology thrives in an environment of inclusivity. We are constantly in pursuit
of enabling diversity and hence open our courses to students from across the globe. We have had
the privilege to have students from various international locations hence helping us to improve our
reach better.
Who Can Apply ?
- NRIs – Children of parents who have are Indian citizens
- Foreign Nationals – Citizens of all countries other than India
Application Process for the Students who wish to apply here:
The following documents must furnish at the time of admission:
1. 10th grade/equivalent Marks Card
2. 10 + 2 Marks Card
3. 10 + 2 Study Certificate
4. Transfer Certificate
5. Migration Certificate (for non-Karnataka students)
6. Copy of valid visa
7. Copy of Visa stamping in your passport
8. Copy of your passport
9. Valid photo ID proof
10. 6 nos. passport size photographs
11. Student Bank a/c details (passbook from sheet photocopy)
12. Fully filled admission form
Admissions```

These are the details related to:- electronics-achievements/gat-electronics-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-electronics-achievements:
```Faculty Achievements
Academic Achievements from the Electronics department:
1. Miss Harshini and Miss Lakshmi Priya of 3rd sem ECE have secured runner-up in Electrothon 2.0 conducted and hosted by Jain University on 27-03-2024, Bengaluru.
2. A total of Three Patents is filed and published by ECE faculties namely Dr Ravi J, Mrs. Anitha Sastry and Mrs. Padmaja Kuruba.
3. Faculty members have published 6 Books (Author:3) and two book chapters Faculty members have published a total of 106 papers of which, 54 are of international Journals, 27 International and 25 National conference papers, 15 indexed Journals
4. Mrs. Anitha S Sastry, has won the “Outstanding Woman in Engineering” Award from Venus International Foundation, Chennai associated with CARD in March 2019 for Contribution and achievement in the field of Electronics & Communication
5. Dr.Anandthirtha B Gudi, has won an “Award for Excellence” in Prominent Educationist of India for outstanding achievements and remarkable role in the field of education received on 4th December 2019, by International Business Council- New Delhi
6. Dr.Anandthirtha B Gudi, has won “Kannada Rajarajeshwari Award-2018” for the Service Rendered in the field of Education, by “Kannada Sahitya Prishath” on 29th December 2018
7. Gaurav Vanawat has secured 10th Rank in BE, VTU in 2011
8. Mujeeba Farheen secured 3rd Rank in M.Tech, Digital Electronics and Communication, VTU in 2018.
The students of ECE have emerged as “BEST OUTGOING STUDENT” for FOUR years successively. The details are as follows:
1. Suhas H M in the academic year 2015-16.
2. Srinidhi M P in the academic year 2016-17.
3. Sahithi A in the academic year 2017-18
4. Sadhana Chitlapalli in the academic year 2018-19
5. Sahiti A has also received BEST STUDENT award from ISTE chapter in 2017
6. Pavan Ravikumar, has reached several milestones in Throwball championship representing Indian team/State team at different places as a key player. The details are as follows:
- Emerged as champions in Malaysian Independent Asian Club Throwball Championship from 28th-30th August 2017 at Bidara Court, Selayang 68100 Selangor, Malaysia
- Winners in Indo-Nepal International Throwball Championship from 20th -24th April 2017 held at Pokhara, Nepal
- Emerged as champions in Final World Throwball Championship from 25th- 27th December 2017 at Bidara Court, Selayang 68100 Selangor, Malaysia
- Secured 3rd place in World Throwball Malaysian Independent Championship from 3rd August- 2nd September 2019 at Metropolitan Park, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
7. Sindhu G, another proud student of ECE also has several achievements to her credit. She has represented college/ state team in Netball championship at several places. They are as follows:
- Represented Karnataka team and secures Runners position in 13th South Zone National Netball championship from 13th -15th September 2019 held at Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh
- Secured 3rd place in 25th sub junior National Netball Championship from 17th -20th July 2019 held at Rohtak, Haryana.
- Emerged as Winners in 36th Senior National Netball championship from 23rd -26th March 2019 at Koramangala Indoor Stadium, Bengaluru
8. Bhavya T M has secured Silver Medal in VTU Single Zone Inter Collegiate Power Lifting Championship from 27th -30th September 2018 held at Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Mangalore Karnataka
9. Shakthi Das has secured God Medal in 16th VTU Single Zone Inter Collegiate Best Physique Championship from 28th -30th August,2015 held at Global Academy of Technology, Bengaluru
Electronics```

These are the details related to:- green-campus-initiative/gat-green-campus-initiative/Global-Academy-of-Technology-green-campus-initiative:
```Green Campus Initiative:
1. 8-acre lush green campus
2. Power generated by solar panels that are installed in-house
3. Clean drinking water provided by in-house RO plant for the hostel
4. Wastewater treatment and recycling used for gardening
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- cse-faculty/gat-cse-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-cse-faculty:
```Below are the Faculty details of the Computer Science department in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. KUMARASWAMY S.: M.Tech Ph.D (HOD/Head of Department-CSE/Computer Science Engineering)
2. Dr. K. Ananthapadmanabha: M.Tech, Ph.D
3. Dr. KANAGAVALLI R.: M.Tech, Ph.D
4. Dr. JYOTHI R.: M.Tech, Ph.D
5. Prof. B.S Umashankar: M.E
6. Dr. ROSHAN JOY MARTIS: M.Tech Ph.D, Post. DOC
7. Dr Swetha P: M.Tech, Ph.D
8. Dr Anitha K: M.Tech, Ph.D
9. Dr. Manjula K: M.Tech, Ph.D
10. Dr. Jyothi S: M.Tech, Ph.D
11. SNIGDHA SEN: M.Tech
12. Mr. Shridhar Devamane: M.Tech
13. NAYANA S: M.Tech
14. NAYANA RANI S: M.Tech
15. SUSHMA T: M.Tech
16. SHWETHA S N: M.Tech
17. CHAITRA B: M.Tech
18. RUDRAMURTHY V C: M.Tech
19. KAMALESHWAR KUMAR Y: M.Tech
20. SHYAM SUNDAR BHUSHAN: M.Tech
21. VANISHREE M. L.: M.Tech
22. SAMEENA H. S.: M.Tech
23. VEENA PATTANKAR: B.E, M.Tech
24. Ms. Haripriya C: M.Tech
25. Dr. Sheela S: M.Tech, Ph.D
26. Ms. Reshma Dsouza: M.Tech
27. Ms. Yashaswini K: M.Tech
28. Mr. Prashanth N: M.Tech
29. Dr. Naveenkumar C: M.Tech, Ph.D
30. Ms. Sowmya B K: M.Tech
31. Mr. R C Ravindranath: M.Tech
Computer Science```

These are the details related to:- sports/gat-sports/Global-Academy-of-Technology-sports:
```Overview
At GAT, Students are encouraged to participate and excel in sports in order to provide relaxation, channelise their energy, nurture competitive spirit, enhance team spirit and achieve leadership qualities. Our infrastructure, facilities,
and superior-quality coaching ensures that students interested in sports are given a platform to train with utmost seriousness and are participate in events of importance.
Message From PED
Greetings to all Sports Enthusiasts,
Ever since the establishment of GAT, sports and extra-curricular activities has been a vital element to the GAT vibrant campus culture. At GAT, Sports and extra-curricular is an essential component of GATs approach to developing
well-rounded individuals. The mandate of the Department is to ensure that the students are provided with Sports and Games Services at both recreational and Competitive levels. The department strives to have sports everyone
to reach their fullest potential. The Department endeavour is to contribute towards the accomplishment of the GAT Vision and Mission. Just like the academic quest for knowledge and skill, we also strive for excellence,
instil values, and develop character in the field sports. We encourage personal responsibility, development of interpersonal skills, foster communications skills between peers and coaches, and teach non-cognitive skills
that are invaluable to all young adults. Our exceptional coaching, training and practice sessions has led to our students to participate and win laurels at national, state and university championships many times over the
last one decade. We are very proud of our achievements in the sports front, leading development and nurturing of sportsmanship, character, and leadership skills. Our sports complex includes indoor gyms, table tennis court,
and weightlifting. The vast outdoor field is a major attraction to sports lovers as it provides the right ambience for our students to play Basketball, Cricket, KhoKho, Kabbadi, Netball and Throw ball. Overall last one
decade, we have had an outstanding year of sports accomplishments which included several championship wins. With your continued support, I look forward to even greater successes this year. I am thrilled that you have decided
to become part of this GAT experience.
SARAVANAN R
PHYSICAL EDUCATION DIRECTOR
Achievements
Click
to read a complete report of the sports achievement of students of GAT
Ms. Sinchana secured Gold medal in Karnataka state Olympics games at Dharwad in 2017
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- question-papers:
```Model Question Papers
First Semester Model Question Paper - 2021 Scheme
First Semester Model Question Paper - 2020 Scheme```

These are the details related to:- anti-ragging-committee/gat-anti-ragging-committee/Global-Academy-of-Technology-anti-ragging-committee:
```With increased focus on mental health, curbing the menace of ragging in institutions is of utmost importance and at Global Academy of Technology, we take this very seriously.
We follow strict guidelines as issued by the Hon’ble Supreme Court in Civil Appeal No. 887 of 2009, where guidelines were issued for setting up of a Central Crisis Hotline and Anti-Ragging database.
Also, as per the year 2013 Gazette of India published, it is required to get the online anti-ragging undertaking by each student and their parent.
Anti-Ragging Committee Members:
1.
Name: Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
Department: Head of the Institute
Role: Chairman
2.
Name: Dr. Manjunatha Reddy H S, Prof & HOD
Department: ECE
Role: Convener
3.
Name: Dr. C V Srinivasa, Prof & HOD
Department: CV
Role: Member
4.
Name: Mr. Sridhar Kabbur, Warden
Department: Hostel
Role: Member
5.
Name: Dr. Rupa K, Warden
Department: Girls Hostel
Role: Member
6.
Name: Deepika B R (Girl Student coordinator selected by Convener)
Department: Student
Role: Member
7.
Name: Drupad Maharaj (Boy Student coordinator selected by Convener)
Department: Student
Role: Member
8.
Inspector/Sub-Inspector, Jurisdictional Police
station
Police
-
Anti-Ragging Squad Members:
1.
Name: Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
Department: Head of the Institute
Role: Chairman
2.
Name: Dr. Manjunath Reddy H S, Prof & HOD
Department: ECE
Role: Convener
3.
Name: Dr. A N Maheshwarappa
Department: EEE
Role: Member
4.
Name: Dr. D V Ravikumar
Department: ME
Role: Member
5.
Name: Varuna Koti
Department: CV
Role: Member
6.
Name: Mr. Sridhar Kabbur
Department: Boys Hostel warden
Role: Member
7.
Name: Dr. Rupa K
Department: Girls Hostel warden
Role: Member
8.
Name: Kariyappa C N (Boy Student coordinator selected by Convener)
Department: Student
Role: -
9.
Name: D S Spoorthy (Girl Student coordinator selected by Convener)
Department: Student
Role: Member
10.
Name: Mr. Nandish, Manager
Department: Boys Hostel
Role: Member
Statutory Committees Responsibilities:
1. Surprise visits to hostels and other places vulnerable to incidents and have the potential for ragging/or probable areas of ragging
2. Form a duty chart & carryout regular checks for any ragging activity.
3. Carryout surprise checks in probable areas of ragging.
4. In case of any incidence noticed on the spot, assessment of the incidence be made and necessary action to be taken and immediate refer to the committee headed by Principal.
5. The squad in-charge will collect the updated list of students including their latest address and phone numbers from their respective Heads of the departments
6. While dealing with complaints, the squad should observe high confidentiality and justice.
7. Ensure that a harmonious atmosphere in the college prevails by preventing ragging of any kind, within and outside College Premises.
What Constitutes Ragging ?
Ragging constitutes one or more of any of the following acts :
1. Any conduct by any student or students whether by words spoken or written or by an act which has the effect of teasing, treating, or handling with rudeness a fresher or any other student.
2. Indulging in rowdy or undisciplined activities by any student or students which causes or is likely to cause annoyance, hardship, physical or psychological harm or to raise fear or apprehension thereof in any fresher or any other student.
3. Asking any student to do any act which such student will not in the ordinary course do and which has the effect of causing or generating a sense of shame, or torment or embarrassment so as to adversely affect the physique or psyche of such fresher or any other student.
4. Any act by a senior student that prevents, disrupts, or disturbs the regular academic activity of any other student or a fresher.
5. Exploiting the services of a fresher or any other student for completing the academic tasks assigned to an individual or a group of students.
6. Any act of financial extortion or forceful expenditure burden put on a fresher or any other student by students.
7. Any act of physical abuse including all variants of it: sexual abuse, homosexual assaults, stripping, forcing obscene and lewd acts, gestures, causing bodily harm or any other danger to health or person.
8. Any act or abuse by spoken words, emails, posts, public insults which would also include deriving perverted pleasure, vicarious or sadistic thrill from actively or passively participating in the discomfiture to fresher or any other student.
9. Any act that affects the mental health and self-confidence of a fresher or any other student with or without an intent to derive a sadistic pleasure or showing off power, authority or superiority by a student over any fresher or any other student.
Measures for prevention of ragging:
1. The advertisement issued for admission by an institution, shall clearly mention that ragging is totally banned, and anyone found guilty of ragging and/or abetting ragging is liable to be punished.
2. The application form for admission to institute or hostel, should have affidavitsheet filled up and signed by the candidate and Parent/ guardian to the effectthat he/she is aware of the law regarding prohibition of ragging as well as thepunishments.
3. The HOD/staff member/Anti-ragging squad should interact with fresher daily basis to ascertain the problems/difficulties, if any faced by the freshers in the Institution and extend necessary help.
4. At the time of admissions, the college counsellors should counsel ‘freshers’ to prepare them for the life ahead, particularly for adjusting to the life in hostels.
5. The printed information booklet contains the addresses, email id, telephone numbers etc of Wardens, Head of the institution, HODs and members of the anti–ragging squad shall be given to every fresher admitted to the Institution.
6. The big posters with different colours for the provisions of law, punishments, etc pertaining to anti-ragging should be displayed in Notice Boards of all departments, hostels.
7. The technical Institution, University including Deemed to be University imparting technical education shall request the media to give adequate publicity to the law prohibiting ragging and the negative aspects of ragging and the institutions ‘s resolve to ban ragging and punish those found guilty without fear or favour.
8. The technical Institution, University including Deemed to be University imparting technical education shall identify, properly illuminate, and man all vulnerable locations.
9. The technical Institution, University including Deemed to be University imparting technical education shall tighten security in its premises, especially at the vulnerable places. If necessary, intense policing shall be resorted to at such points at odd hours during the early months of the academic session.
10. Wide publicity campaign against ragging through posters, information booklets, seminars, street plays, etc.
11. Oral Communication of the complaints with all the members of Anti- Ragging squad.
12. Installation of a suggestion/Complaint box in front of the main block of department of Electronics & Communication Engineering for collection of written complaints related to ragging.
13. Collection of complaints through email to
or
Sl. No.
Name
Contact number
1.
Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
2.
Dr. Manjunath Reddy H S, Prof & HOD
3.
Mr. Sridhar Kabbur, Boys Hostel Warden
4.
Dr. Rupa K, Girls Hostel Warden
5.
Mr. Nandish, Manager
Anti-ragging Cell
Submit```

These are the details related to:- cse-infrastructure/gat-cse-infrastructure/Global-Academy-of-Technology-cse-infrastructure:
```Infrastructure:
1. The department is equipped with adequate infrastructure to support academic, research and extra-curricular activities for the all-round development of our students with 40 well-qualified, skilled and experienced faculty members. The department frequently organizes workshops, talks and faculty development programs regularly for the benefit of the student and faculty community. The department has an impressive placement track record with 85% of the students placed in reputed organizations.
2. The Department of Computer Science has excellent classrooms and well equipped laboratories. State-of-the art technical equipment in laboratories, rich collection of books in department library and extensive e-learning opportunities provide students flexible and seamless learning experience.
3. The department not only offers scope for research and study but also provides ample opportunities for holistic development of our students.
4. Each and every student is given an exclusive computer system to carryout laboratory work and projects. The department has high speed internet connectivity with Wi-Fi access.
Computer Science```

These are the details related to:- sitemap/gat-sitemap/Global-Academy-of-Technology-sitemap:
```About Us:
1. Academics
2. Statutory Committees
3. Other Committees
4. Departments
5. Computer Science & Engineering
6. Information Science & Engineering
7. Electronics & Communication Engineering
8. Electrical & Electronics Engineering
9. Civil Engineering
10. Mechanical
11. Engineering
12. Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
13. Aeronautical Engineering
14. Science and Humanities
15. MBA
16. Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
17. Computer Science & Engineering
18. Admissions
19. Research
20. Campus Life
21. Facilities
22. Alumini
23. Examination
24. Placements
25. Others```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-achievements/gat-ai-ml-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-achievements:
```Achievements of AI-ML department for the Academic Year 2022-23:
01.
Student Name: Saideep K Goutham G, Prawal P Patil, Bhuvan S A
Achievement: Secured First place in AI/ML & BLOCKCHAIN at "Hacksprint" a 24-Hour National-Level Hackathon conducted by P.E.S College of Engineering on 5th and 6th of January 2024.
02.
Student Name: Aishwarya H M
Achievement: Secured Second place in TECHNICAL QUIZ Conducted by Dept. of CIVIL ENGINEERING & LIBRARY AND INFORMATION CENTRE, GAT on 12th September 2023
03.
Student Name: Uthsav D P
Achievement: Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023. Secured Winner in Jug of War (Men) inter collegiate competition held at SAI VIDYA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY on 4th January 2023. Secured Winner in Judo[-66kg] Single Zone Tournament competition held at VVCE, Mysore From 12th December 2022 to 13th December 2022. Has represented VTU in All India INTER- UNIVERSITY NETBALL Championship held at Karnataka State University, Hubbali from 14th February to 17th February 2023
04.
Student Name: M G Rajath
Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023 Secured Runners in the Inter-Department event TABLE TENNIS DOUBLE held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
05.
Student Name: Abhinava Sri Charan
Achievement: Secured First place in 93 Sub Junior KG Weight class at The Bengaluru District bench press powerlifting championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022. Secured Third place in 93 KG Weight class at The Bengaluru district BENCH PRESS Powerlifting Championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022
06.
Student Name: Rithesh Kundar
Achievement: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event “MONO ACTING” held
during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event ON SPOT VISUAL WRITING held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
07.
Student Name: Chiranjeevi
Achievement: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
Achievements of AI-ML department for the Academic Year 2023-24:
01.
Faculty Name: Dr. Preethi Sathish
02.
Faculty Name: Ashwini H
03.
Faculty Name: Lakshmikantha G C
04.
Faculty Name: Roops B S
05.
Faculty Name: C Christlin Shanuja
06.
Faculty Name: Hemavathi
07.
Faculty Name: Udayaprasad P K
08.
Faculty Name: Vijaya Dalawai
Achievements of AI-ML department for the Academic Year 2022-23:
01.
Faculty Name: Mr. Lakshmikantha G C
Achievement: Resource person for two days workshop on “Data Science Using Python” on 22nd and 23rd December 2022 at Department of ISE, Sri Siddhartha Institute of Technology, Tumkur.
Resource person for Guest lecturer program on 18th Nov 2022 on “Big Data Analytics” for 7th Semester Students of Dept. of ISE, SJB Institute of Technology, Bangalore.
Resource person for the workshop on “Business Analytics, Tools and Techniques Essential for Data Science” Conducted on 5th November 2022 by the dept. of CSE, GAT, Bangalore.
Chair Person for a Session on 22nd June 2023 during the International conference on “Computational Intelligence for Information, Security and communication applications” (CIISCA-2023)Organized by the Dept. AI&DS, GAT, Bangalore on 22nd June 2023.
Conducted two weeks Internship for II semester students on “MS-Office and Basic Data Analytics using Excel” from 7/11/2022 to 18/11/2022 (11 days session).
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- about-coe/gat-about-coe/Global-Academy-of-Technology-about-coe:
```Overview
The Office of Controller Examinations being the key office and overseer of assessment records offers quality support to the students and stake holders in all circles of assessment matters. It is our obligatory responsibility to
keep the procedures proficient and straightforward with respectability, secrecy, and quality assistance as it enslaved in our basic beliefs. The Office of the controller of examinations has a well-developed process augmenting
the complete stream of activities with respect to its centre capacities.
- Dr Prashanth T: Controller of Examinations
- Dr Anil P N: Deputy Controller of examinations
The centre capacities incorporate smooth conduction of tests and examinations, compilation and presentation of results and all other attributes in ensuring smooth, fair, and transparent process. The Office of Controller Examinations
has an energetic group, comprising of devoted experts resolved to stretch out tenaciously, relentlessly office to all the stake holders
Examination```

These are the details related to:- civil-industry-internship/gat-civil-industry-internship/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-industry-internship:
```Industry Oriented Practices & Participation in Industrial Projects
The department aims to train undergraduate students through an industry-oriented curriculum to make them professionals and individual employable. This is achieved through various activities.
Industrial Visits of Civil department are as following:
1. The Department arranges Industrial site visits, which lay a foundation for the students to know more about various industries, the practices, needs, and the other requirements.
2. BMRCL Elevated Casting Yard Kanakapura Road
3. Visit to upper Bhadra Project, Ajampura
4. Visit to RMC Ready Mix India Private Limited, WhiteField Bangalore
5. E Waste Recycling Plant, E Parisaraa, Vans Chemistry Ltd., Peenya, Bengaluru
Industry Internship Program
The only way to compete in the real world is to have real-world experiences. The internship program allows students to work in a premier industry for 30-60 days (can be further extended), giving them valuable industry experience. The students get introduced to industry culture and trained as the future workforce and involved with industry leadership.
A few of our premier internship industries are the following:
Civil
1. Internship at KHIP, Govt. of Karnataka
2. Internship at Kempegowda International Airport
3. Participation in Industry Projects
4. Department of Civil Engineering has closely associated with many of the industries in the form of consultancy services works. The civil engineering students actively participate in most industrial projects and get an experience through practical training. The involvement of the students for various Traffic and Transportation studies (projects of DULT, BBMP), structural engineering projects (KRIDL projects), and geological & hydro-geological studies (Bureau veritas, Art of Living, Bangalore Environment Trust etc.) are worth mentioning.
5. Students performing Traffic Studies and other transportation related surveys as part of Transportation Projects
6. Students involved in Structural Engineering Projects performing Non-destructing test of structures```

These are the details related to:- board-message/gat-board-message/Global-Academy-of-Technology-board-message:
```Message From Trustee Secretary: 
Greetings to all!
1. Being part of the core Management Team of National Education Foundation for nearly two decades, I have seen the progress at GAT, Rajarajeshwarinagar from its inception and it fills my heart with pride to see where we are. With my engineering qualification background, I have been able to strategize the set-up of the majestic infrastructure for the college. Our aim is to provide the right ambience for overall personality development of the students.
2. Competition is prevalent in every field and is a way of life in today’s time. As a senior member of the management team, I strongly believe that we prepare our students not only to be globally competitive but to succeed in the chosen discipline. Having grown into a premier, highly sought-after engineering and management institution, GAT has created a significant niche among institutions delivering professional education that is sound, robust, and multi-faceted. Excellence and Quality are our watchwords, reflected in our highly conducive and serene learning ambience.
3. We also want to make faculty teaching and research, student projects relevant to the practical world. Our objective is to increase the understanding of the issues related to the development of technology and research and share the knowledge with institutions beyond the academic world. We want to embrace best global practices in establishing industrial tie ups, research, and innovation. Through our established R & D centers in every department, we would like to facilitate our research scholar interaction and collaboration between research groups and industry. This will enable whole new vista of opportunities to engage our students in cutting-edge multi-disciplinary project and research, further enhancing their career readiness.
4. I assure you that @GAT, students will be equipped with the most updated knowledge coupled with highest level of practical training. Our dedicated staff and dynamic management strive to transfer holistic knowledge and make students global citizens. We nurture individuals to leverage technology and continuously explore all means and methods for holistic development of our students.
5. I extend warm greetings to all the students into GAT, to come, learn, experience and ‘Grow Ahead of Time’. It is my privilege to be part of this triumphant journey where we continue to pave the way for all round development of the students
6. My Best Wishes to all - Sri. S. Lepaksha, Trustee Secretary,National Education Foundation
Message From Additional Trustee Secretary:
1. As a co-founder and part of the core Management Team of National Education Foundation for nearly two decades now, I take immense pride in the progress made by GAT which is run under the aegis of NEF. I have seen the development of the Institution from its nascent stage to the present status. Originally the place was a hilly terrain. We have contributed our time and energy in converting the terrain into lush green educational campus by planting more than 10000 plants and trees of different varieties. Our aim is to provide salubrious climate and serene atmosphere for holistic development of the students. The landscape provided by us has been greatly appreciated by all who visit our campus. We have also constructed great infrastructure and implemented an impeccable system of administration for the College.
2. I congratulate the students and their parents for having chosen GAT, which will provide a lifetime advantage in their chosen endeavours. I am proud to say that the student population of more than 3500 students, truly reflects the trust and confidence that the parents and students have bestowed on us
3. I welcome each student to this portal of learning, where excellence and peak performance is our dialect. Discovering unexplored talents and nurturing them effectively are the driving force of GAT. I am happy to state that the intricately intertwined teaching learning process and human resources has been the focus of education in GAT during its 18 years of existence. Encouraging our students to work on advanced technologies and make them as innovative, aspiring Engineers and Entrepreneurs rather than being mere engineering graduates is what the Management is striving to do, with the ardent help of our very talented faculty & other staff members of GAT.
4. Maintaining quality standards and ensuring that every graduating student is readily employable with holistic skill, clarity, and critical thinking in their chosen field of Engineering and Technology is our goal. I am glad to note that our students have been maintaining excellent standards of discipline and attention to their academic standards.
5. I encourage all the students to fully use the facilities and the serene ambience provided in this green campus to sharpen one’s professional and personal abilities. Let me jog your memory that: “Education is not about filling pail, but it is about kindling the fire dormant within you”. A step into the GAT is a right step into a brighter world of education and a knowledge hub.
6. The students graduated from GAT are placed in reputed industries successfully across the globe and they are our true ambassadors. I am really honoured and inspired to be a part of this successful journey where our efforts pave the way for all round development of the students during their stay at GAT.
7. With best wishes - Sri. Venkatappa, Additional Trustee Secretary,National Education Foundation
About Us```

These are the details related to:- placement-training-process/gat-placement-training-process/Global-Academy-of-Technology-placement-training-process:
```Placement Process
Facilities provided by the Placement team:
- The Training & Placement Cell shall provide all necessary facilities at our campus like: Corporate Control Room, Audio visual facilities for presentations, conferences, 500 high-end systems with suitable internet bandwidth for online assessment, facilities for - written test, group discussion and personal interviews.
Training Process of the Placement team:
1. With a strong team of facilitators, a series of student enablement training programs are conducted beyond curriculum. The training wing mainly concentrates on working-out an action plan for students, according to the demand of corporates, which is not included in the regular syllabus. The training caters to sharpen the students’ communication & interview skills.
2. We roll-out our flagship Progressive Training Program to all our students starting from 1st semester onwards upto 7th semester, covering all possible dimensions viz: Technical Skills, Aptitude, Quantitative, Logical, Verbal, Written, Interview skills and Life skills. The Training and Placement Department organizes Professional Development programs like mock interviews, group discussions, Pre-placement talks, interactive sessions with industrial experts, case studies, and Personality Development programs including communication skills, presentation skills, career planning etc.,
3. Further, students are given access to the virtual self-leaning platform to learn, practice and take mock assessments.
4. Respective departments arrange domain specific placement training on niche areas to the students regularly. Department placement coordinators assist campus interviews and training programs. Additional online tests are also administered through the campus course self-learning system.
Progressive Training Model: 
1. In accordance with a desire to enhance employability skills and train the students accordingly, the Training & Placement department is mandated to roll-out the progressive training program to all GATians starting from 1st semester onwards till 7th Semester.
2. 210 hours of training and 200 hours of additional assessment practice test (online + offline).
3. Every Level of training involves Pre assessment, Mid assessment and Post assessment
4. Access to self-learning portal
5. GATE/CAT/GRE and other competitive exams coaching will be provided during penultimate academic year.
6. The training modules mentioned above is just an indicative and will undergo changes as per industry requirements & student competencies.
Placement```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-faculty/gat-aeronautical-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-faculty:
```Below are the Faculty details of the Aeronautical department in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. Bino Prince Raja.D: M.Tech Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department- Aeronautical Engineering)
It gives me immense pleasure to welcome you all to the Department of Aeronautical Engineering at Global Academy of Technology, Bangalore. As the Head of the Department, I feel honoured to be a part of this esteemed institution that has been imparting quality education in the field of engineering for over a decade. The Department of Aeronautical Engineering offers a comprehensive curriculum that is designed to meet the needs of the industry and equip our students with the knowledge and skills like design, development, Analyse and testing of an aircraft to excel in their careers. Our faculty members are experienced professionals who are committed to providing a world-class education to our students. They constantly strive to impart knowledge through innovative teaching methodologies, hands-on learning experiences, and research-based projects.
Our department has state-of-the-art facilities and equipment that provide our students with an unparalleled learning experience. We have well-equipped labs like High speed jet facility, subsonic wind tunnel, supersonic wind tunnel, Aircraft Structures, Propulsion, Avionics laboratories and other facilities that allow our students to learn and experiment with the latest technology. To enhance the student’s practical exposure, we have got ground running Cessna 150 aircraft and Aero engine (R-25) -Mig 21.
Our department also encourages our students to participate in extracurricular activities and competitions, both nationally and internationally. This provides them with the opportunity to showcase their skills and compete with the best in the industry. At the Department of Aeronautical Engineering, we believe in continuous learning and growth. We are committed to providing our students with the best possible education and creating future leaders in the field of Aeronautical Engineering.
We welcome you to be a part of our community and experience the joy of learning.
2. Dr. Suresh C: Associate Professor
3. Dr. Tamilselvam N: Associate Professor
4. Mr.Mahantayya K H: Assistant Professor
5. Mr. Mahendra M A: Assistant Professor
6. Mrs. Chandrika M B: Assistant Professor
7. Mr. Arvind Raj G: Assistant Professor
8. Ms.Brightlin Abisha W: Assistant Professor
9. Mr. Paramesh T: Assistant Professor
10. Ms. Tejaswini A N: Assistant Professor
11. Mr. Devandra. P: Foreman
12. Mrs. Ratna: Attender
13. Mr. Chandrashekar T: Lab Assistant
14. Mr. Raghunandan: Instructor
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- recruiting-companies/gat-recruiting-companies/Global-Academy-of-Technology-recruiting-companies:
```Recruiting Companies:
1. Infosys
2. SAP
3. Bosch
4. IBM
5. NTT Data
6. Mind Tree
7. Wipro
8. TCS
9. L & T Infotech
10. Amazon
11. Juspay
12. Mphasis
13. Yodlee
14. Cognizant
15. Square Yards
16. Capgemini
17. Gig sky
18. Toyota Kirloskar
19. Nokia
20. CGI
21. Dell EMC
22. Hewlett Packard Enterprise
23. PRDC
24. Health Asyst
25. DXC Technology
26. [24]7.Ai
27. Broad Soft
28. Infoview
29. Sobha
30. Morgan Stanley
31. Muthoot Finance
32. Subex
33. Jaro Education
34. Triveni Turbines
35. ICICI Prudentials
36. Quinnox
37. Aryaka
38. Genpact
39 Accenture
40. Aricent
41. Mu Sigma
42. HGS
43. ANZ
44. Mantri
45. Lenskart
46. Aptean
47. Oracle
48. Allegis
49. Pelatro
50. Goldman Sachs
51. Huawei
52. Sankalp
53. Tech Mahindra
54. Trigent
55. ECI
56. SC
57. EY
58. Berger
59. Hive Minds
60. Team Lease
61. Sasken
62. Tavant
63. Global Logic
64. Infanion
65. Accord
66. Aris Global
67. Timken
68. Thought Works
69. Decathlon
70. Adobe
71. Unisys
72. Magna Infotech
73. RMC
74. Abyet Technologies
75. lekha
76. ITC Infotech
77. Pin Click
78. Indigene
79. Thasmai
80. Byjus
81. Value Labs
82. Definer
83. Vee Technologies
84. Terra Logic
85. Econstruct
86. India Mart
87. Sunrise System
88. Object Win
89. Whiz Chip
90. UL
91. Magnasoft
92. Keyence
93. HDFC Bank
94. Tayana
95. Reliance General Insurance
96. Hussmann
97. Instavans
98. docs App
99. Manya
100. Odessa
101. Atos Syntel
102. Cue Math
103. LTI
104. Mcafee
105. JMC Projects
106. Silver Peak
107. DTDC
108. Stratogent
109. Zensar
110. Swelect
111. Future General
112. Neudesic
113. Razor Think
114. Dream gains
115. Lido
116. One Origin
117. Sonata
118. Fujitec
119. ABB
120. Accolite Digital
121. Comviva
122. Enarka
123. FIS
124. GL-Communication
125. Hexaware
126. Hitachi
127. Iopex
128. KIPT
129. Knowledge-Lens
130. Legato
131. Mercedes-Benz
132. People-Intouch
133. Puravankara
134. Renault-Nissan
135. Samsung
136. Well-Fargo
Placement```

These are the details related to:- ai-machine-learning-cse-overview/gat-ai-machine-learning-cse-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-machine-learning-cse-overview:
```Introduction
Computer Science Engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning CSE (AI & ML) is a field which combines the principles of computer science with the study and application of artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques like developing algorithms, models and systems that can learn and make decisions, according to human-like intelligence, this helps to unlock the values of industry 4.0 tasks.
Why Computer Science Engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning???
CSE (AI&ML) is a dynamic and rapidly evolving field with several compelling reasons for its prominence:
1. Innovation and Advancements: CSE(AI&ML) drives innovation by developing intelligent systems capable of learning from data and making decisions. This leads to advancements in various industries and their applications.
2. Problem Solving: CSE (AI&ML) provides tools to tackle complex problems that traditional algorithms might struggle to address. This includes image and speech recognition, natural language processing, and autonomous systems.
3. Interdisciplinary Applications: AI/ML intersects with various disciplines, fostering collaborations and interdisciplinary research. It finds applications in fields such as robotics, neuroscience, and bioinformatics.
4. Emerging Technologies: As emerging technologies like the Internet of Things (IoT) and augmented reality become more prevalent, CSE (AI&ML) plays a crucial role in developing intelligent systems that can harness the potential of these technologies.
5. Demand in Industry: There is a growing demand for professionals with expertise in CSE (AI&ML) across industries. Companies are leveraging these technologies to gain a competitive edge and improve their operations.
6. In essence, CSE (AI&ML) offers a pathway to address contemporary challenges, create innovative solutions and contribute to the ongoing transformation of various sectors through the power of intelligent computing.
7. Inculcate ethical values and environmental consciousness through holistic education programs
Our Vision of Computer Science Engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning department is:
- To Become a leading hub of excellence in education, research in the field of Computer Science and Engineering providing AI-driven solutions with holistic development for the needs of the Society.
Our Mission of Computer Science Engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning department is:
1. To Provide aspiring engineers for industry and academia by offering excellent education in emerging AI techniques.
2. To equip value-added technical and research-oriented education by satisfying societal needs
3. To educate with professional integrity values and ethics for the environment awareness.
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - CSE```

These are the details related to:- grievance-redressal-cell/gat-grievance-redressal-cell/Global-Academy-of-Technology-grievance-redressal-cell:
```Overview
Global Academy of technology has committed itself to provide a safe and secure environment to all the students, teaching, and non-teaching staff. We want to ensure that the environment if free from violence, harassment, and discrimination on the bases of gender.
Every member is expected to be aware of the commitment to the right to freedom of expression and association, it strongly supports gender equality and opposes any form of gender discrimination and violence.
The Anti -sexual harassment committee has been formed to ensure that the above agenda is met. The committee’s primary functions are :
1. The Grievance Redressal Cell (GRC) has been constituted for the purpose of redressal of grievances of all involved stakeholders.
2. The aggrieved party/individual may express their grievance online/offline in soft or hard copy.
3. They may also approach the members of the GRC and express their grievances.
4. Students at the institute are being encouraged to make use of the facility/service by sharing their genuine concerns/complaints.
5. They can also give constructive suggestions by using the suggestion box.
6. GRC assures the concerned stakeholders that once a complaint is made, it will be treated with sensitivity and as confidentiality.
Objectives of Grievance redressal cell is:
1. To develop a responsive and accountable attitude among all the stakeholders to maintain a harmonious educational atmosphere in the College.
2. To uphold the dignity of the College by ensuring strife free atmosphere through promoting cordial Student-Student relationship and Student-teacher relationship.
3. To encourage the Students to express their grievances / problems freely and frankly, without any fear of being victimized.
4. To advise students at the College to respect the right and dignity of one another and show utmost restraint and patience whenever any occasion of rift arises.
5. To advise all the students to refrain from inciting students against other students, teachers, and College administration.
6. To advise all staffs to be affectionate to the students and not behave in a vindictive manner towards any of them for any reason.
Statutory Committees of Grievance redressal cell:
1. Mechanisms for submitting grievances
2. Grievance Redressal Form can be used to submit any Grievances through
3. Oral communication of the grievances with the members of the grievance cell can be made.
Below are the contact persons of Grievance redressal cell:
1. 
Name & Designation: Dr. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
Department/Office: Head of Institute
Role: Chairman
2.
Name & Designation: Dr. S Subrahmanya Swamy, Dean
Department/Office: R & D
Role: Member
3.
Name & Designation: Mr. Shiva Shankar M Rao, Senior Manager, NEF
Department/Office: NEF
Role: Member
Grievance Redressal Form
Submit```

These are the details related to:- aeronautical-club-vimaan/gat-aeronautical-club-vimaan/Global-Academy-of-Technology-aeronautical-club-vimaan:
```Join Us At "VAIMAANIK" And Embark On A Journey That Celebrates The Wonders Of Flight
Objective of the Aeronautical club:
1. The club aims to technically strengthen the students by integrating their skills in various fields of Engineering & technology, to cope up with the highly competitive environment.
2. To inculcate engineering knowledge for designing and developing of aircraft and spacecraft for various applications.
3. To develop Problem Solving ability, Time Management, Interpersonal skills, and a goal-driven mindset.
Features of the Aeronautical club:
1. Completely managed by the students
2. Nominal membership fee
3. Competition oriented activities
4. Learning from failures
5. Air Shows
6. RC plane and CANSAT workshops for students
7. Entrepreneurship programs
8. Drone pilot sessions
9. Implementation of the theoretical knowledge in the practical design challenges.
10. Electronic component handling and assembly.
Outcomes of the Aeronautical club:
1. Any participant enrolled and is an active participant of the club will be able to:
2. Understand and apply the concepts of Aerodynamics, Aero propulsion, Aircraft Structures, Aerospace domain and its allied subjects of study.
3. Build and enhance their leadership, communication and entrepreneurial skills.
4. Develop a team-oriented personality.
5. Demonstrate knowledge and experiment through hands on experience by attending workshops, technical talks and guest lectures.
6. Adapt to industrial environment and know how of the Aeronautical industry.
7. Develop interpersonal and intrapersonal skills.
Guidelines of the Aeronautical club:
1. A student who voluntary desires to participation in the formation and/or operation of this Clubs must be registered member.
2. A student who is part of any team under this club, to be punctual to project from the time of commencement till the day of completion of that project.
3. The club has the right to regulate the time, place, and manner of all activities and to prohibit any activity that is deemed by the administration to create a clear and present danger to a person or property.
4. The club has the right to restrict or limit on-campus activity of any team or individual whose purposes are directly contrary to the institution’s stated mission and purpose.
5. Officers of a Student Club shall be held accountable and responsible for the programs and activities sponsored by the Student Club if the Student Club and/or its members violate established college policies, procedures, rules, or regulations.
6. Officers of this clubs have the responsibility to ensure that all students within the club are able to participate and benefit from all programs and activities sponsored by this club.
Teams of the Aeronautical club:
1. Skylark
2. Dronevis
3. Excelsior
4. Smart Crew
5. Club Activities
6. Speak To Lead
7. Debate
8. Aero Quiz
9. Aviation Industry Awareness
10. Guest Lecture
11. Symposium
12. E-Publication
13. Pick & Speak
14. Seminar By Students
15. Avian Mechatronics
16. Drone Modeling & Analysis
17. Rc Plane Modeling & Analysis
18. Clash Of Caad
19. Bottle Rocketry
20. Aerial Robotics
21. Coding & Debugging
22. Designing, Modeling & Flying
23. Digitalisation In Aeronautics
24. Cansat / Cubesat Building
25. Cutting Edge Technologies
26. Iot (Internet Of Things)
27. Experimental Launching Of Amature Rocket
28. Research & Development
29. Sustainability In Aviation
30. Industrial Visits
31. Fusion Fabrication
32. Modern Metals
33. 3-d Printing
34. Composite Material Fabrication
35. Balsa Wood Model (Glider)
Competitions of the Aeronautical club:
1. Quiz
2. Aircraft Crash Analysis
3. Debate
4. Building & Flying
5. Aeromodelling
6. Poster Preparation
7. Media & Report
8. Website Maintenance
9. Report Writing
Technical Publication Marketing
Vimaan Faculty Coordinators of the Aeronautical club:
1. Dr. Bino Prince Raja. D: Chairman
2. Mrs. Chandrika M B: Faculty Co-ordinator
Vimaan Student Council of the Aeronautical club:
1. Sujith A L: President
2. Ananya P: Vice President
3. Bhuvan D: Vice President
Aeroventure
CAD O Philia
Inauguration
wingedink
Young Minds
Aeronautical```

These are the details related to:- civil-industry-internship/gat-civil-industry-internship/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-industry-internship:
```Industry Oriented Practices & Participation in Industrial Projects
- The department aims to train undergraduate students through an industry-oriented curriculum to make them professionals and individual employable. This is achieved through various activities.
Industrial Visits of the Civil department:
1. The Department arranges Industrial site visits, which lay a foundation for the students to know more about various industries, the practices, needs, and the other requirements.
2. BMRCL Elevated Casting Yard Kanakapura Road
3. Visit to upper Bhadra Project, Ajampura
4. Visit to RMC Ready Mix India Private Limited, WhiteField Bangalore
5. E Waste Recycling Plant, E Parisaraa, Vans Chemistry Ltd., Peenya, Bengaluru
Industry Internship Program of Civil department:
- The only way to compete in the real world is to have real-world experiences. The internship program allows students to work in a premier industry for 30-60 days (can be further extended), giving them valuable industry experience. The students get introduced to industry culture and trained as the future workforce and involved with industry leadership.
A few of our premier internship industries are the following:
Civil
1. Internship at KHIP, Govt. of Karnataka
2. Internship at Kempegowda International Airport
Participation of Civil department in Industry Projects:
1. Department of Civil Engineering has closely associated with many of the industries in the form of consultancy services works. The civil engineering students actively participate in most industrial projects and get an experience through practical training. The involvement of the students for various Traffic and Transportation studies (projects of DULT, BBMP), structural engineering projects (KRIDL projects), and geological & hydro-geological studies (Bureau veritas, Art of Living, Bangalore Environment Trust etc.) are worth mentioning.
2. Students performing Traffic Studies and other transportation related surveys as part of Transportation Projects
3. Students involved in Structural Engineering Projects performing Non-destructing test of structures```

These are the details related to:- facilities-library/gat-facilities-library/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-library:
```Library
College has a state-of the-art Library with a collection of more than 35000 books, 250 technical journals (69 Indian and 167 International), 3300+ CDs, 300 DVDs, etc. Entire document collection is computerized using Libsoft package. Library has a server and 10 client PC's. The databases of Library are accessible to the PCs in the campus through LAN. Specialist librarians are on hand to give you specific advice and guidance on any subject. A digital Library has been developed which consists of digital documents downloaded from the Internet as well as those purchased from outside sources.
To make the books easily accessible to the students and faculty, entire book collection is being classified according to Dewey decimal classification and arranged on the shelves according to subject sequence. Each book bears a classification symbol, which helps both students and staff either to locate or replace the books to the shelves.
Mrs. Nagajyothi H.K
Librarian
Objectives of Library:
1. To fulfil the Vision and Mission of GAT, Library has set itself following objectives. They are :
2. To develop a collection of documents (both in print and in electronic form) and keep them up to date in accordance with growing needs of users of today and tomorrow.
3. To support academic programmes of the parent institution by providing necessary reading materials.
4. To provide individual and group guidance to readers in making maximum use of Library resources.
5. To encourage students to develop skills for self-education, which can sharpen their intellect and can contribute for their personality development.
6. To support teaching staff in their teaching and research activity.
7. To conduct user education programmes to train students and staff in making effective use Library resources.
Borrowing Facilities of Library:
- All students and faculty members of GAT are eligible for borrowing books and other types of documents from of the Library. An extra book is lent to each student who secures 75% or more marks in semester examination.
Guidelines for Borrowing  from Library:
1. Students and faculty members can borrow four and eight documents respectively at a time from Library. The same must be returned to library on or before the due date marked on each book or journal lent out
2. Books can be renewed for a period of two more weeks if there is no demand from other readers.
3. The borrower should take adequate care to protect the book from water, insects, etc. If a book is returned in damaged condition, then the twice the cost of the same will be recovered from the borrower.
4. Tearing of pages, writing on books and magazines by pencil or pen is strictly prohibited. If anyone is found guilty, then he/she will be subjected to disciplinary action.
5. The loss of book/journal should be reported to library immediately to avoid escalation of overdue charges.
Services of Library:
In addition to lending of documents, Library offers wide verities of information services to its readers. They are:
1. Loan of books and other reading materials for home reading.
2. Reference facility with a Reading Room with 104 seating capacity.
3. News-clippings service.
4. Institutional Memberships with R&D Institutions for sharing knowledge and books.
5. Inter-library loan from other libraries as well as from DELNET
5. Digital Library & virtual library databases (open J-Gate, DOAJ)
6. User education programmes and many more
important Links
GAT Web OPAC -
IRINS -
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- civil-faculty/gat-civil-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-faculty:
```Below are the Faculty details of Civil department in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. ALLAMAPRABHU KAMATAGI: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department- Civil Engineering)
2. Dr. H M RAJASHEKAR SWAMY: Professor & Dean
3. Dr. MAYAJA N. A.: MSc, Ph.D
4. Mrs REASHMA P. S.: M.S
5. Mr KARTHIK SAMPATH S.: M.Tech
6. Mrs DHAVALA SURESH: M.Tech
7. Mrs VIDYASHREE D.: M.Tech
8. Mrs VARUNA KOTI: M.Tech
9. Mr SHIVAKUMAR K. S.: M.Tech
10. Mrs LIKHITHA H.: M.Tech
11. Ms KHUSHBU K. BIRAWATH: M.Tech
12. Mrs ARPITHA D: M.Tech, (PhD)
13. Ms ANKITHA KIRANA KUMAR: M.Tech
14. Ms RAKSHITHA S: M.Tech
15. Ms PALLAVI H J: ME
Civil```

These are the details related to:- dean-message/gat-dean-message/Global-Academy-of-Technology-dean-message:
```1. For India to become the world’s technology hub, we need to lead from the front in our understanding of cutting-edge methods, knowledge- driven management and implementation capability. With India metamorphosing into one of the fastest growing economies, job creation and skilling seem to be natural tools to ensure sustainable growth. The onerous responsibility of producing engineering graduates who are employable lies with the engineering institutions. Employability does not mean that a student should be placed in an industry before he/she leaves the portals of an institution. Employability means equipping engineering graduates with necessary technical skills, communication skills, leadership qualities, soft skills, professional ethics and a social responsibility.
2. Global Academy of Technology (GAT) has understood the need for integrating meaningful research activities with academics to enhance the scholastic standards in teaching and the quality of output. The management of the GAT has determined to promote research and consultancy activities in association with industries and national/ international institutions of repute. Management of GAT has constituted a RESEARCH ADVISORY COMMITTEE (RAC) to guide the institution with a clear focus on the way the activities of research and consultancy must progress. Research and consultancy policies have been drafted and approved by the management to enable and motivate the faculty to undertake research and consultancy activities.
3. The present focus of GAT is to improve the laboratory infrastructure by bringing new industry relevant technology to enable higher level of learning in students, foster integrated learning by providing multiple industry relevant interfaces, enable students to take up industry relevant projects and encourage faculty to take up research by providing ability to add customer logic.
4. As a part of institutional social responsibilities, institutes should incubate technological startups by providing facilities such as office space, technology and lab support, infrastructure support, industry interface, exposure to the investor community, financial management support, legal support on Intellectual Property Rights and Patents, and other such assistance so that the startups can get guidance and mentoring during the incubation to overcome the initial hurdles with ease in starting the business. These centers can bridge the gap between industries and educational institutions. 
5. Students collaborate with companies on campus for internships and projects and develop technological products which can have an impact on industry and society. Efforts are on to start an incubation center in the institute. GAT Incubation Center envisages to have tie-ups with industries/ alumni/ multinational companies/ institutes of repute through which the activities of incubation can be strengthened. The institute has already signed Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with twenty industries and institutes of repute.
6. Students of GAT with an entrepreneurial bent of mind are advised to utilize this opportunity to enable themselves to become successful entrepreneurs.
7. Let me conclude my thoughts with a Chinese saying - "If a man is hungry do not give him a fish; make him learn the art of fishing"
8. Wishing the Research fraternity and students of GAT all the very best. Dr. H M Rajashekar Swamy
About Us```

These are the details related to:- basic-science-overview/gat-basic-science-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-basic-science-overview:
```Introduction
1. Department of Science and Humanities has been effectively functioning since 2001. The Department is unstintingly committed to its basic principles of imparting knowledge and preparing the students towards achieving academic excellence through acquisition of core competence in science and humanities and be successful as engineering professionals. Department of Science and Humanities encompasses Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, English, and foreign language courses being offered to all engineering students.
2. Apart from offering mandatory foundation courses in basic sciences, it also offers courses in English and other foreign languages to enrich communication skills and enhance their employability. The teaching methodology for the courses and laboratory curriculum is regularly upgraded and aligned to meet to the growing demands and the challenging trends of the modern-day industry and research.
3. Science laboratories possess excellent facilities, with a comprehensive range of equipment to explore the modern techniques in physics and chemistry for the students to perform experiments during their course of study. Further, for experiential learning the department strongly promotes online virtual laboratories that are available as open course ware in public domain.
Basic Science```

These are the details related to:- ongoing-projects/gat-ongoing-projects/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ongoing-projects:
```Ongoing Projects
Some On-going projects :
1. Integrated geospatial approach for sustainable water management- Study of Bengaluru”; sponsored by ISRO, Bengaluru. Project cost is Rs. 39 Lakhs
2. Performance evaluation of Tender S.U.R.E projects in Bengaluru (Phase-II)”-sponsored by Bruhath Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), Govt. of Karnataka- Project cost is Rs. 25 Lakhs
3. OLYMPIA-GUINDY-Flood Risk Assessment and Resilience” sponsored by CE Solutions and Bureau Veritas India Pvt. Ltd., Bengaluru- Project cost is Rs. 5 Lakhs
4. Additional traffic studies for preparatory survey on the project for Bengaluru metropolitan region ITS in the Republic of India”- sponsored by Trans tech solution in association with Bengaluru Traffic Police and JICA- Project cost is Rs. 5 Lakhs
5. Development of a dry vacuum pump of 750 l/min capacity”- Sponsored under Nain Program of Govt. of Karnataka- Project cost is Rs. 3 Lakhs
6. Development of computerized FABROFEEL- an instrument to measure the ‘Hand’ of a fabric”- Sponsored under Nain Program of Govt. of Karnataka - Project cost is Rs. 2.95 Lakhs
7. Cement mortar characteristics with reference to – MSIL sand”-Sponsored by Ultratech cements- Project cost is Rs. 0.5 lakhs.
8. Development of affordable solutions via synergistic means for defluorination and decontamination of potable water for rural households”- Sponsored by Vision Group for Science and Technology, Govt. of Karnataka- Project cost is Rs. 5 Lakhs
Research```

These are the details related to:- facilities-hostel/gat-facilities-hostel/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-hostel:
```Below are the details related to Hostel facilities:
Global Academy of Technology has a very well-equipped hostel facility for both boys and girls. The building is an elegantly designed eight storied Hostel Building near the college premise to ensure that the students dwell in a healthy environment that helps them to grow and learn without any obstacle.
1. A Home away from Home perfectly describes the hostel life
2. There are single, double, and four sharing rooms
3. Each room is equipped with basic furniture like cot, chair, table, cupboard for individual student with common tube light and fan.
4. Wi-Fi enabled facility.
5. Each floor in the hostel has separate arrangement for RO drinking water facility with in- house RO plant.
6. Well maintained dining Hall with TV and clean kitchen (which provides nutritious & healthy vegetarian & non-vegetarian food of student’s choice).
7. 24 hrs hot water facility through the solar panels.
8. Each floor in the Hostel is equipped with CCTV cameras to keep a strict vigil and a security guard for 24 hours.
9. 24 hours Power Supply.
10. Guest House and parking facility.
Contact Information for hostel:
1.
Name: Dr. Ranapratap Reddy
Designation: Principal
2.
Name: Dr. Shridhar Kabbur
Designation: Boys Hostel Warden
3.
Name: Dr. Roopa
Designation: Girls Hostel Warden
4.
Name: Mr. Nandeesha
Designation: Hostel Manager
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- committees-iiic/gat-committees-iiic/Global-Academy-of-Technology-committees-iiic:
```1. The Industry Institute Interaction Cell @ GAT helps to prepare students for professional opportunities related to industries.
2. It is a department where students, faculty, and industry experts can meet and develop mutual and beneficial relationships.
3. Located on the 3rd floor of the main building, room no. 405, the III Cell assists students with activities required for the holistic development of an engineering student.
4. Throughout the year a variety of activities and sessions in association with industry are held including corporate networking events, workshops, contests, seminars, expert lectures, and industrial visits, which help to gain relevant engineering experience.
5. A variety of activities and sessions in association with industry are also held.
6. These include corporate networking events, workshops, contests, seminars, expert lectures, and industrial visits, which help to gain relevant engineering experience.
7. Students can also volunteer for events held. Relevant engineering experience allows students to apply academic concepts in practice and explore possible career options.
8. Together, through the III Cell, GAT and industry can make great progress in creating new knowledge, in shaping new leaders and in making important gains against the challenges of our society.
Other Committees```

These are the details related to:- memorandum-understanding/gat-memorandum-understanding/Global-Academy-of-Technology-memorandum-understanding:
```Memorandum of Understanding
Global Academy of Technology is associated with reputed academic institutions and industry leaders to facilitate better understanding of the practical elements of each area. The institution lays
immense focus on hand-on learning, by bridging the gap between academia and industry. To achieve this, we have signed strategic MoUs with institutions of repute & highly experienced corporations:
Below are the details of the Memorandum of Understanding(MoU) understandings/Agreements:
1.
Institution / Industry MoU: IIIT, Alahabad
Cooperation Agreement: Internships, faculty training in the latest areas of IT, Research assistance for faculty.
2.
Institution / Industry MoU: Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam
Cooperation Agreement: Internships, faculty training in the latest areas of IT, Research assistance for faculty.
3.
Institution / Industry MoU: Power research and development consultants, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Internship, Student projects, Placement
4.
Institution / Industry MoU: Infosys, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Campus connect program, Placement
5.
Institution / Industry MoU: Advanced Electronics systems, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Internship, Student projects
6.
Institution / Industry MoU: Toyota Ltd., Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Internship, Student projects
7.
Institution / Industry MoU: LEMA LABS, Bengaluru
8.
Institution / Industry MoU: ATS Learning Solutions, New Delhi
9.
Institution / Industry MoU: Indian Tech-keys, Bengaluru
10.
Institution / Industry MoU: Tequed Labs Pvt. Ltd., Bengaluru
11.
Institution / Industry MoU: Sak Robotrix
Cooperation Agreement: Internship, Student projects
12.
Institution / Industry MoU: Pragathi Entreprises, Bengaluru
13.
Institution / Industry MoU: Tenet Technetronics, Bengaluru
14.
Institution / Industry MoU: Association of consulting Engineers
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy, Training In Civil Engineering
15.
Institution / Industry MoU: Imagex Technologies, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy,Training (Thermal Engineering)
16.
Institution / Industry MoU: Cadem Technologies, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy, Training (on CNC MACHINE TOOLS)
17.
Institution / Industry MoU: LeanWorx Technologies, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy, Training (on line Machine Condition Monitoring)
18.
Institution / Industry MoU: Askar Microns, Mysore
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy, Training (In CNC Machine tools and other related areas)
19.
Institution / Industry MoU: Micropore, Bengaluru
Cooperation Agreement: Projects, Consultancy, Training (Water treatment, oil filtration)
20.
Institution / Industry MoU: ASHRAE
Cooperation Agreement: Students Training, Faculty Development Programs
21.
Institution / Industry MoU: Curl Analytics
Cooperation Agreement: Student Training, Faculty Training,
Projects, Internship, Placement
Research```

These are the details related to:- principal-message/gat-principal-message/Global-Academy-of-Technology-principal-message:
```Dear Students,
- I am very happy to meet you through this page. Global Academy of Technology has stood above the rest in its approach to its education and in its pedagogies. The methods we used to teach and the ways by which our students learn are unique and creative. Consistently, we never hesitated to investigate our deficiencies and transform us to an agent of social change. The institute has substantially contributed to the process of National building by providing quality education and thereby enabling the students to become globally competent. We have plans and dreams in the years to come. We propose to introduce Academic Audit for every department by external experts.
- This aims at regular scrutiny of the quality teaching and the content of teaching.
- Education is not an act of acquiring knowledge but learning a skill to lead life and forming one’s personality. This is an ennobling process of growth. I can boldly say that we have excelled in every initiative that we undertook, and we have stood together in facing the challenges in realizing quality education. In all this, we have made every effort to be sensitive and compassionate to the marginalized and the people in need.
Growing Ahead of Time ....
My best wishes to all prospective students and regards to the parents for having bestowed their faith in us.
Remaining at your service 24X7,
Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy
PrincipalGlobal Academy of Technology
About Us```

These are the details related to:- placement-career-guidance/gat-placement-career-guidance/Global-Academy-of-Technology-placement-career-guidance:
```Placement Career Guidance
At GAT every effort is made to ensure that the students pursue their dream career in the area of interest, be it placement or higher studies or to be a young Entrepreneur. We guide the students to take post placement decisions while choosing the company to join. For those who would like to pursue higher studies we help them to achieve success in competitive exams like GATE, GMAT, GRE, UPSC, CAT, PSU and TOEFL, by providing ample opportunity to interact with many consultancy services at the institute during their final year studies through goal-oriented seminars. Further, we also provide advice by experts through career guidance & counselling sessions in identifying the opportunities for higher studies in domestic and international institutions.
Why Recruit from GAT?
1. The teaching-learning eco-system at GAT is highly innovative. We have incorporated the best practices in higher education system.
2. Harnessing the benefits of Autonomy system, we roped-in Industry experts and premier institutions into our advisory board.
3. Training programs by experts facilitate our students to develop and mould themselves into competent professionals.
4. Students are encouraged to actively participate in seminars, workshops, value addition initiatives and certifications in emerging areas.
5. The campus placement drives and activities are professionally executed and managed. Over the years, very cordially relationships were established with our corporate partners.
6. Our alumni occupy very good positions in business, Corporate/ industry, R&D and academia in India and abroad.
7. Placement focused industry readiness training is provided starting from 1st year onwards.
8. Despite of stringent eligibility criteria set by various companies, we are proud of achieving nearly 100% placements for all eligible students through sustained efforts during the preceding seasons.
9. The placement policies and guidelines are well structured to honor every visiting company’s requirement.
Placement```

These are the details related to:- committees-teaching-learning-effectiveness/gat-committees-teaching-learning-effectiveness/Global-Academy-of-Technology-committees-teaching-learning-effectiveness:
```Since its inception in July 2018, TLC is dedicated to developing and/or enhance teaching –learning effectiveness for both BE and MBA Programs. Under the era of disruptive technologies and ever- growing digital distractions, today’s classrooms are truly challenging in terms of holding students’ concentration, developing students’ engagement while attempting to uncover the syllabus and develop professional skills in the learners.
Thus, it is pertinent to develop capacities in teachers to impart education in contemporary means and transform the student’s community for tomorrow’s needs. The centre has been casted under the leadership of dynamic Principal of GAT, Dr. N Ranapratap Reddy.
Other Committees to enhance teaching –learning effectiveness:
1. classroom communication techniques
2. Pedagogy for student centred teaching
3. Building EI
4. Enhancing Teaching Effectiveness
5. Active learning
Objectives of teaching –learning effectiveness(TLC): 
1. Undertake capacity - building in teaching fraternity to enhance teaching - learning process
2. Argument learning effectiveness in learners(students) of today's google era through student centered teaching methods
3. Assist assessment and standardization of (customized) T-L processes for OBE at the institution
Contribute towards institutional growth through fostering principles of emotional intellignece in teaching and associated learning communities of the institute```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-faculty/gat-ai-ml-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-faculty:
```Below are the Faculty details of AI-ML department in "Name: Qualification" format:
1. Dr. Roopa B S: M.Tech, Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department- AI-ML/Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning)
2. Lakshmikantha G C: Assistant Professor
3. Christlin Shanuja: M.E
4. Udayaprasad P K: M.Tech
5. Vijaya Dalawai: M.Tech
6. Ms. Ladly Patel: M.Tech
7. Ashwini H: Office Assistant
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-achievements#panel2/gat-ai-ml-achievements#panel2/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-achievements#panel2:
```Achievements of AI-ML department in the Academic Year 2022-23:
01.
Student Name: Saideep K Goutham G, Prawal P Patil, Bhuvan S A
Achievement: Secured First place in AI/ML & BLOCKCHAIN at "Hacksprint" a 24-Hour National-Level Hackathon conducted by P.E.S College of Engineering on 5th and 6th of January 2024.
02.
Student Name: Aishwarya H M
Achievement: Secured Second place in TECHNICAL QUIZ Conducted by Dept. of CIVIL ENGINEERING & LIBRARY AND INFORMATION CENTRE, GAT on 12th September 2023
03.
Student Name: Uthsav D P
Achievement: Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023 Secured Winner in Jug of War (Men) inter collegiate competition held at SAI VIDYA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY on 4th January 2023. Secured Winner in Judo[-66kg] Single Zone Tournament competition held at VVCE, Mysore From 12th December 2022 to 13th December 2022. Has represented VTU in All India INTER- UNIVERSITY NETBALL Championship held at Karnataka State University, Hubbali from 14th February to 17th February 2023
04.
Student Name: M G Rajath
Achievement: Secured Winner in HANDBALL Inter Collegiate division level competition held at GAT from 10-03-2023 to 11-03-2023. Secured Runners in the Inter-Department event TABLE TENNIS DOUBLE held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
05.
Student Name: Abhinava Sri Charan
Achievement: Secured First place in 93 Sub Junior KG Weight class at The Bengaluru District bench press powerlifting championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022. Secured Third place in 93 KG Weight class at The Bengaluru district BENCH PRESS Powerlifting Championship held at KGS CLUB Bangalore on 25th September 2022
06.
Student Name: Rithesh Kundar
Achievement: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event “MONO ACTING” held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT. Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event ON SPOT VISUAL WRITING held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
07.
Student Name: Chiranjeevi
Achievement: Secured Winner in the Inter-Department event SKIT held during “INTERACT 2023” on 13th, 14th & 15th July 2023 at GAT
Achievements of AI-ML department faculty in the Academic Year 2023-24:
01.
Faculty Name: Dr. Preethi Sathish
02.
Faculty Name: Ashwini H
03.
Faculty Name: Lakshmikantha G C
04.
Faculty Name: Roops B S
05.
Faculty Name: C Christlin Shanuja
06.
Faculty Name: Hemavathi
07.
Faculty Name: Udayaprasad P K
08.
Faculty Name: Vijaya Dalawai
Achievements of AI-ML department faculty in the Academic Year 2022-23:
01.
Faculty Name: Mr. Lakshmikantha G C
Achievement: Resource person for two days workshop on “Data Science Using Python” on 22nd and 23rd December 2022 at Department of ISE, Sri Siddhartha Institute of Technology, Tumkur. Resource person for Guest lecturer program on 18th Nov 2022 on “Big Data Analytics” for 7th Semester Students of Dept. of ISE, SJB Institute of Technology, Bangalore. Resource person for the workshop on “Business Analytics, Tools and Techniques Essential for Data Science” Conducted on 5th November 2022 by the dept. of CSE, GAT, Bangalore. Chair Person for a Session on 22nd June 2023 during the International conference on “Computational Intelligence for Information, Security and communication applications” (CIISCA-2023)Organized by the Dept. AI&DS, GAT, Bangalore on 22nd June 2023. Conducted two weeks Internship for II semester students on “MS-Office and Basic Data Analytics using Excel” from 7/11/2022 to 18/11/2022 (11 days session).
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Latest Events```

These are the details related to:- governing-body/gat-governing-body/Global-Academy-of-Technology-governing-body:
```
1.
Name: Sri D. K. Shivakumar
Category: Chairman
2.
Name: Sri Lepaksha S.
Category: Management member
3.
Name: Sri Venkatappa M.
Category: Management member
4.
Name: Sri K. Srinivas
Category: Management member
5.
Name: Sri D. K. Suresh
Category: Management member
6.
Name: Smt Aisshwarya D. K. S.
Category: Management member
7.
Name: Sri M. K. Shankarlinge Gowda, IAS (Retd)
Category: Management member
8.
Name: Dr. S. Subrahmanya Swamy, Dean
Category: Faculty member
9.
Name: Dr. C. V. Srinivasa, HoD, Civil Engg
Category: Faculty member
10.
Name: Dr. K. Balaveera Reddy Former Vice Chancellor, VTU
Category: Educationist
11.
Name: Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
Category: Ex-official
About Us```

These are the details related to:- ai-ml-cse-pos-cos/gat-ai-ml-cse-pos-cos/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-ml-cse-pos-cos:
```Program Specific Objective of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - CSE department:
- To Produce graduates with industry-ready skills with the knowledge of Computer Science & Machine Learning technology based to solve real world problems.
Program Specific Outcomes (PSO) of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - CSE department:
- Ability to develop many successful applications and designing efficient algorithms for intelligent systems within the realm of artificial intelligence incorporating in data analytics, Natural language processing and Internet of Things.
Program Educational Outcomes of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - CSE department:
Our Graduates after 2 to 3 years will have the ability to:
1. Design and Develop innovative intelligent systems for the welfare of the Society.
2. Engage in lifelong learning process through higher education and to inculcate innovative ideas in research field.
3. Lead the IT Industry with management and Entrepreneurship skills.
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - CSE```

These are the details related to:- admissions-faq/gat-admissions-faq/Global-Academy-of-Technology-admissions-faq:
```Admission FAQ's in "Question:, Answer: " format:
1. 
Question: Is GAT affiliated to any university?
Answer: Yes, GAT is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, Karnataka.
2.
Question: Does GAT provide hostel facility?
Answer: Yes, separate hostel facility is available for boys and girls.
3.
Question: Does GAT encourage students to participate in co-curricular & extra-curricular activities?
Answer: All departments support and encourage in the department student club activities, sports, co-curricular and extra-curricular activities.
4.
Question: Is there transport facility provided by the college ?
Answer: Yes, The College has a well-connected transport facility within Bengaluru and interested students can avail this facility.
5.
Question: Is there an Internet facility at the campus
Answer: Yes, high speed internet facility is given to all students free of cost. Students can avail this facility by registering their laptops with the system administrator at the department of computer science and engineering.
6.
Question: What are the rules surrounding attendance requirement?
Answer: You must attain at least 85% overall attendance for classes, inclusive of all approved leave of absence, failing which you will be debarred from taking the examination/assessments. If you need to apply for leave of absence, please submit to the respective HOD’s well in advance for consideration.
Application for leave of absence will be assessed on a case-by-case basis.
7.
Question: How do I inform HOD of my absence due to Medical Certificate?
Answer: You will need to submit the original medical certificate to the HOD, within 3 working days from the last day of your medical leave.
8.
Question: Will I be given a student ID card and what are its uses?
Answer: All GAT students will be issued with a student ID card. To facilitate identification, the tags are colour co-ordinated based on the department and students are always expected to wear the lanyard with the student card when you are on campus. The student card entitles you to use the library, internet, sports, and recreational facilities.
9.
Question: How can I replace a lost ID card?
Answer: You need to report it to chief librarian immediately and complete the student card replacement form to prevent unauthorized issue of books. A replacement fee will be charged accordingly.
10.
Question: I need a letter to certify that I am a bonafide student. How can I get it?
Answer: Please submit the request letter to administration section with any supporting documents (if any needed). A letter certifying your student status will be generated at no charge.
11.
Question: I have changed my home address/contact number. How do I inform the college?
Answer: You may submit the letter, together with the supporting document to the administration section. The information will be updated within 2 working days.
Admissions```

These are the details related to:- basic-science-achievements/gat-basic-science-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-basic-science-achievements:
```Below are the details of the Achievements of Basic Science department:
1. First place in the Inter Collegiate Climate Science Quiz 2016 organized by Divecha Centre for Climate Change and Centre for Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences, On Tuesday 27 September 2016 at J.N. Tata Auditorium, Indian Institute of Science Bangalore
2. Department of Mathematics got a research grant from Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi for carrying out research on ‘Occultation and Transits in Indian Astronomy – A Mathematical Analysis’.
3. Department of Physics got a research grant from TEQIP-VTU for carrying out research on “Utilization of pineapple leaf fibres as an alternative to plastic in packaging industries: A waste to wealth approach”
4. Dr. Ravishankar TN, Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry has presented research paper entitled “Ionic liquid assisted hydrothermal synthesis of Nb/TiO2 nanocomposites for efficient hydrogen production” has been awarded best paper track at National Conference on “Science, Engineering and management (NCSEM-2K19)” organized by The Oxford College of Engineering, Bangalore on 8-9th May 2019.
5. Dr. Ravishankar TN, Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry has published one of the research article with title as “Synthesis and characterization of CeO2 nanoparticles via solution combustion method for photocatalytic and antibacterial activity studies” has been considered as most cites chemistry article (68 citations) from ChemPubSoc Europe, ACES and GDCh journals from 2015 to till date according to the survey from ChemViews Magazine: Chemistry view. V
6. Dr. Ravishankar TN, Assistant Professor, Department of Chemistry has awarded as TWAS-CNPq sandwich fellowship from 2015-2016 at “The Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul is a Brazilian federal university” based in Porto Alegre, Brazil. v Dr. Ravishankar TN
7. Faculty members of the department have published more than 50 research papers in International & National journals & conferences.
8. Dr. Manjula, Assistant Professor, Department of Physics received 2 best paper presentation awards in the year 2015 and 2017
Basic Science```

These are the details related to:- women-empowerment-cell/gat-women-empowerment-cell/Global-Academy-of-Technology-women-empowerment-cell:
```Women Empowerment Cell of our college is established to empower the girl students and women staff to get educated and understand issues related to women and to make the college campus a safe place for them.
In addition to discussing their issues and concerns, the cell creates awareness of rights and responsibilities including helping them in finding ways to tackle these issues. The cell regularly organizes Guest Lectures, Seminars, Workshops, and various awareness programmes to empower women staff and students.
Objectives of the women-empowerment-cell:
1. To enhance the self-esteem and self-confidence of women students, faculty, and staff in the college.
2. To promote intellectual and cultural activities for overall personality development of girl students.
3. To develop critical thinking ability of women students such that it enhances decision- making ability.
4. To enable women to make informed choices in areas like education, gender equality, employment, and health especially reproductive health & hygienic.
5. To enhance their participation on an equal footing in all areas.
Complaint and Redressal Procedure of women-empowerment-cell:
1. Complaints may be made to any member of the committee, or other senior members of the women cell, who will forward to the committee.
2. After knowing grievance, discuss it with the convener of women cell and then an appropriate solution is found out.
3. The committee will hear the case within 7 working days of a complaint and may set up an enquiry to handle the case.
4. The enquiry committee will hear both from the complainant and defendant, as well as any other relevant person.
5. The process shall be conducted to protect the well-being of the parties and confidentiality of the proceedings.
6. If not solved the committee will make recommendations to the Principal and Dean, who will take appropriate action.
7. Appropriate safeguards will be maintained for conflict of interest.
Statutory Committees
Campus Policy Against Sexual Harassment:
1. The campus is committed to provide for all members of its community who fall within its jurisdiction including its, academic, non-academic staff, contractual employees and laborers, and students at the place of work an environment free from any form of Sexual Harassment or exploitation.
2. Academic staff includes Professors, Associate Professor, Assistant Professor and such other persons as may be designated as such for imparting education/instructions or for giving guidance or rendering assistance to students/post-docs for pursuing any course of study, whether full time, temporary, part-time, visiting, honorary, consultancy, or on special duty or deputation.
3. All other academic staff of other institutions visiting the campus or participating in any workshop/ seminar/ training/ conference/consultancies is covered by these rules during the stay on campus.
4. Non - Academic Staff includes any person other than academic staff, such as administrative staff, technical staff, officers, consultants, support staff, contractual workers and daily wagers only to the extent that they are performing campus related activities.
5. Student includes a student of the campus, or others on campus such as visiting students, interns,and those visiting the campus as a part of collaborative or exchange program between institutes,students participating in workshops/conferences/seminars.
6. These Rules and Procedures shall be applicable to all complaints of sexual harassment provided the harassment has taken place at workplace.
Contact persons to complaint against Sexual Harassment:
1.
Name: Dr. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal
Department: Administration
Role: Chairman
2.
Name: Dr. Swetha P
Department: CSE
Role: Convener
3.
Name: Dr. Shazia Sulthana
Department: ECE
Role: Member
4.
Name: Dr. Anita G H
Department: MBA
Role: Member
5.
Name: Ms. Rakshitha
Department: Civil
Role: Member
6.
Name: Ms. Kavitha V
Department: ISE
Role: Member
7.
Name: Ms. Sandhya G V
Department: S & H
Role: Member
8.
Name: Ms. Bhavani Soma
Department: AI & DS
Role: Member
9.
Name: Ms. Tejaswini
Department: AE
Role: Member
Activities of women-empowerment-cell:
1. National Girl Child Day
- “National Girl Child Day” is celebrated every year on January 24th in India to raise awareness about the rights and privileges of the girl child and to promote their overall well-being. This year, our college actively participated in the celebration, organizing various events and activities to highlight the importance of empowering and supporting girls.
- The National Girl Child Day Event was conducted under the Women cell (Sakhi) and Anti Sexual Harassment Committee, Global Academy of Technology to celebrate "National Girl Child Day" in association with Department of Women and Child Development, Govt. of Karnataka, at Global Academy of Technology in Bengaluru, on 29-01-2024.
- The Chief Guest of the event was Dr. S Siddaramanna, Deputy Director, Department of Women and Child Development, Govt. of Karnataka and the Guest of Honor was Dr. Padmini Prasad, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist. The event was also graced by Shri Venkatappa, additional secretary, NEF, Dr. N Ranapratap Reddy, Principal GAT, and Dr. Rajashekar swamy, DEAN Academics, Global Academy of Technology.
- The guest of honour educated the crowd on topics such as, Female Foeticide, Female Health Issues, privileges of the girl child and about physical and mental health well-being. Organized cultural event such as Singing and Encouraged students to express themselves through various artistic mediums, showcasing their talents and creativity.
- The National Girl Child Day celebration in our college was a resounding success, fostering a sense of awareness, empathy, and commitment towards supporting and empowering girls. Through a combination of educational, cultural, and interactive initiatives, students and faculty alike actively participated in the campaign to create a more inclusive and equitable society.
- The impact of these events will hopefully resonate beyond the celebration day, contributing to a sustained effort in promoting the rights and well-being of the girl child.
2. Self-defense program
- The self-defense program conducted under the Women Cell SAKHI at Global Academy of Technology in Bengaluru, on 08-09-2023 led by Mrs. Vijayalakshmi Mallikarjun Todkari, Boxing coach and yoga trainer, was a transformative initiative empowering women with essential skills and knowledge to protect themselves. With Mrs. Vijayalakshmi's expert guidance, participants were equipped with practical techniques and strategies to ensure their safety and well-being. The event was graced by Shri Venkatappa, additional secretary, NEF and Dr. N Ranapratap Reddy, Principal GAT.
- The program fostered a sense of confidence and self-assuredness among the girl students and women of GAT. Through a combination of theoretical insights and hands-on training, women gained a deeper understanding of personal security and learned how to respond effectively in potentially threatening situations.
- The impact of this self-defense program extended far beyond the classroom, instilling a newfound sense of self-reliance and resilience in every participant. It served as a testament to the Women Cell Sakhi's commitment to creating a safer and more secure environment for women in the academic community and beyond. Through Mrs. Vijayalakshmi's invaluable instruction, women emerged from the program better equipped to navigate the world with confidence and assertiveness, ultimately contributing to a more inclusive and empowered society.
- Felicitating the women achiever in their respective field on Women’s day.
- The cell creates awareness of rights and regulations of women.
- The cell regularly organizes Guest Lectures, Seminars, Workshops, and various awareness programmes to empower women staff and students.
- Contact Information
#310, 1st floor, CSE staff room, Main Building.
080 28603158 Exnt- 301```

These are the details related to:- cse-achievements/gat-cse-achievements/Global-Academy-of-Technology-cse-achievements:
```Achievements of the Computer Science department: 
1. At the 34th CSI Karnataka state level Students convention held at KSIT, Sharadhi M, a student of GAT was declared the winner of paper presentation event. Harismitha, Prerana, Lasya, Suhruth, also students of GAT secured the position of Runners Up of the paper presentation.Faculty Contributors - Mrs Snigdha Sen, Dr Priyanga P
2. Tejaswini and Yatish R, 8th semester students of Department of CSE, have published a book on "Blockchain for beginners" and the book was released on 23rdOctober 2020
3. Vikram C, student of department of CSE, drafted and submitted a complete article on The Periodic Table published on the Global Network Xinova. Click here for the complete article
4. Undergraduate project titled “Virtual Assistant for Blind People”, carried out by 8th Semester students Nithin Gopal, Nidhi Amarnath, Supreetha Iyenger, Prajwal G under the guidance of Dr.Kavitha C was awarded KSCST funding under 40th Series of student project program.
5. The Department of CSE has received a grant of Rs. 2,00,000/- for conducting the Faculty Development Program on “Android Operating System and Application Programming Development”, in June 2015.
6. Department has organized “Computer Society of India State Level Student Convention”, in February 2016.
7. A batch of 30 students are certified in “VMware Vsphere 6.0”
8. A batch of 67 students are certified in “Microsoft Cross Platform Mobile App Development”, in October 2018.
9. Rolled out 16 batches of “INFOSYS campus connect program”.
10. Many placements offers, with more than 85% of eligible students placed.
11. Consistent high percentage of Distinction & First-Class students.
12. The Department has a vibrant GAT-CSI Student Chapter.
Computer Science```

These are the details related to:- facilities-transport/gat-facilities-transport/Global-Academy-of-Technology-facilities-transport:
```Transport
The journey to the college is most vital for every student. It is during this time that the temperament is developed for the day's learning. However, any inconvenience in shuttling can have a negative impact. Realising this fact, GAT offers the most comfortable and convenient transport facility for its students. The institution has a robust transport system with a fleet of buses operating from the campus. They facilitate ease of conveyance for both students and staff. The buses ply to and from the prominent parts inside the Bangalore city and its sub-urban areas
Contact person for transport facilities:
- Mr. Saravanan: Transport Coordinator
Campus Life```

These are the details related to:- placement-from-directors-desk/gat-placement-from-directors-desk/Global-Academy-of-Technology-placement-from-directors-desk:
```From the Director's Desk
1. We are grateful to all our esteemed recruiting partners for extending their patronage towards GAT during preceding placement seasons.
2. I applaud the decisive actions by our corporate partners in keeping their workforce safe while maintaining business continuity during the current pandemic.
3. One of the prominent commitments of Global Academy of Technology (GAT) is to make dreams of all its students come true by placing them in companies of their choice. The placement cell makes every effort to provide challenging career opportunities to students by constantly monitoring the dynamic changes in the requirements of the industries and accordingly address the needs of the students. The placement cell interacts with reputed organizations with much zest in seeking and sequencing campus interviews for placement of final year engineering and management students.
4. Despite of stringent eligibility criteria set by various companies, we are proud of achieving nearly 100% placement for all eligible students through sustained efforts during the preceding seasons. Our Placement Services work with a multi-pronged strategy - In-campus recruitment, Virtual web-proctored recruitment, Off-campus recruitment, pooled campus drive and Alumni referrals, thus leading to our success story.
5. We take pride in our student's achievements and are passionate about their success. The alumni of this institute occupy very good positions in business, industry, R&D and academia in India and abroad.
6. With current disruption across the world, a shift in process and technology is revolutionizing. At GAT, we are proactively preparing ourselves by understanding the need to digitize quickly and make a successful transition to ensure that continuity in education is maintained.
7. We have sensitized our students towards the need for this rapid transition towards virtual mode and have prepared them to participate in the recruitment process through virtual mode as the case would be due to the impact of Covid-19. Also encouraged our students to adapt to this change and to recognize that this change may be the new normal.
8. We want to join hands and journey forward with our esteemed corporate partners and help our students to achieve a better career in prestigious organizations. Having excelled in their academics at the institute, we are sure that our students will bring-in the expertise and attitude required on the job. We are confident that our students will definitely measure up to the corporate expectations.
9. I extend a warm welcome to our esteemed recruiting corporate partners to take part in the placement process and I assure you on behalf of the entire GAT Family that it will be a satisfying and a mutually beneficial experience to both the recruiters and the students.
Mr. Prashanth Reddy
Director
Training and Placement
Placement```

These are the details related to:- civil-research-fundings/gat-civil-research-fundings/Global-Academy-of-Technology-civil-research-fundings:
```Integrating Research in Learning Practices of Civil department:
1. Civil Engineering department is keen on understanding and investigating the present-day challenges and scenarios to identify facts that will envisage solving the problem or managing the present situation. The best research is happening at its boundaries on various disciplines such as water, air, various environmental aspects, geology and coastal studies, pedestrian safety & transportation, sustainable design & disaster resilience, and innovative construction materials.
2. Department has been engaged in various research project works funded by renowned Central and State Government agencies and NGOs such as ISRO, KSCST, BBMP, Bangalore Environment Trust, Art of Living, etc.
3. The R & D activities involve students’ participation at all phases to ignite inquisitiveness and research aptitude.
4. This has helped our alumni join higher studies at premier institutes across the borders. This has also helped them mould their personality to become thorough professionals.
Focus Areas of Research of Civil department:
1. Research Facilities: The state-of-the-art facilities available in the department laboratories, such as servo-controlled Loading frame (200-tonne capacity), servo-controlled UTM (2000kN capacity), servo-controlled shake table, traffic surveillance cameras, water quality analyzer, and air particulate matter analyzer etc., provide a platform for a creative research environment.
2. Research Grants: The faculty in the department is actively engaged in the research and performs quality research projects which have been funded by Ministry of Earth Science, ISRO, VGST, VTU, KSCST etc. This provides a learning platform for students to build a strong foundation of knowledge and mold them as budding research scholars.
Below are the details of the fundings for the projescts of Civil department:
1.
Funding Agency: Ministry of Earth Science
Title of the Project: Impact of climate change on river mouth dynamics and coastal hazard
Fund: Rs. 22 Lakh
Principal Investigator: Dr. Shalini G
Year: 2021
2.
Funding Agency: VGST
Title of the Project: Development of affordable solutions via synergistic means for defluoridation and decontamination of potable water for rural households
Fund: Rs. 5 Lakh
Principal Investigator: Ms. Khushbu K Birawat
Year: 2019-20
3.
Funding Agency: ISRO Respond
Title of the Project: A geospatial approach for sustainable water resources management – A case study of Bengaluru
Fund: Rs. 39.71 Lakh
Principal Investigator: Dr.C.V. Srinivasa, Dr. Mayaja N A, Ms. Khushbu K Birawat
Year: 2018-19
4.
Funding Agency: VTU, Belagavi
Title of the Project: Watershed Management studies for flood fording and risk appraisal - Case study of Bennihalla subbasin
Fund: Rs. 10 Lakhs
Principal Investigator: Dr.C.V. Srinivasa
Year: 2013-14
5.
Funding Agency: VTU, Belagavi
Title of the Project: Sediment sink and sediment movement around the Mulki-Pavanje river mouth, Central West Coast of India-Implications on Siltation and river mouth Dynamics
Fund: Rs. 8.75 Lakhs
Principal Investigator: Dr. Shalini G
Year: 2011-12
6.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Water Management Alternatives for Vulnerable Urban Watershed
Fund: Rs. 3000
Principal Investigator: Dr. Mayaja N A Khushbu K Birawat
Year: 2019-20
7.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Measuring the Accessibility of First and Last Leg of Mass Rapid Transit System
Fund: Rs. 5500
Principal Investigator: Reashma P S
Year: 2018-19
8.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Energy Efficient Smart Bin for Urban Solid Waste Management
Fund: Rs. 6000
Principal Investigator: Khushbu K Birawat
Year: 2017 -18
9.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Performance Assessment of Newfangled Pedestrian Infrastructure in Bangalore
Fund: Rs. 5500
Principal Investigator: Reashma P S
Year: 2016-17
10.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Treatment of Distillery Spent Wash Using Anaerobic Down Flow Fixed Film Reactor
Fund: Rs. 5000
Principal Investigator: Shewtha A Harishitha D
Year: 2016-17
11.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Remedial Measures for Minimizing Effects of Pharmaceutical Outlets on Groundwater in Jigni Industrial Area
Fund: Rs. 5000
Principal Investigator: B N Suma
Year: 2015-16
12.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Assessment of strength characteristics of Eco concrete with Binary and ternary Cementitious materials and Pond ash as Fine Aggregate
Fund: Rs. 7000
Principal Investigator: Dr. Bharathi Ganesh
Year: 2014-15
13.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Experimental Investigation on Strength of concrete by Partial Replacement of Cement Using Industrial waste by Products at Elevated Temperature
Fund: Rs. 6000
Principal Investigator: Smt. Varsha Gokak
Year: 2014-15
14.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Validation and Demonstration Model For Dynamics of Multi storey frames.
Fund: Rs. 6000
Principal Investigator: Smt. Archana S Jawalgi
Year: 2013-14
15.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Location Identification for Water Conservation and Quality Assurance
Fund: Rs. 4000
Principal Investigator: Dr.C.V. Srinivasa & BN. Suma
Year: 2013-14
16.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Design and Economical Performance of Gray Water Treatment Unit
Fund: Rs. 5500
Principal Investigator: Smt. Sai Darshan T. R
Year: 2011-2012
17.
Funding Agency: KSCST [Students Funded Projects]
Title of the Project: Characterization of Pond ash from RTPS and assessment of its properties for sustainable concrete when used as fine aggregate
Fund: Rs. 6000
Principal Investigator: Bharathi Ganesh
Year: 2011-2012
Research Publications
Most of the research works are presented in technical conferences and are published in peer journals. Few of our research works that have received appreciation and recognition are listed below:
1.
Authors Name: N.A. Mayaja; C.V. Srinivasa
Title of the paper: GIS-based impact analysis of revitalization of dried rivulets in Pampa River Basin, Kerala, India
Name of the Journal: International Journal of Hydrology Science and Technology
Volume: Vol.11 No.1, PP 38-53
Year: 2021
2.
Authors Name: Srinivasa C.V
Title of the paper: Impact of Rainfall on Land Use and Land Cover Analysis.
Name of the Journal: Lecture Notes in Civil Engineering, Springer, Singapore.
Volume: Vol. 9
Year: 2021
3.
Authors Name: Birawat, K. K
Title of the paper: Impact of urbanization on lakes—a study of Bengaluru lakes through water quality index (WQI) and overall index of pollution (OIP)
Name of the Journal: Environmental Monitoring and Assessment
Volume: 193(7) 408
Year: 2021
4.
Authors Name: K S Shiva Kumar
Title of the paper: Waste-polymer incorporated concrete mixes for neutron and gamma radiation shielding Progress in Nuclear Energy,
Name of the Journal: Elsevier
Volume: Volume 135
Year: May 2021
5.
Authors Name: Shalini.G
Title of the paper: Granulometric dynamics of the coastal sediments of the Central West coast of India: Insight into morpho-tectonic influences on the beach processes
Name of the Journal: CETENA
Volume: Volume 204,
Year: 2021
6.
Authors Name: Khushbu.K.Birawat
Title of the paper: Assessment of Evolution of Diverging Spits across the Tropical River Mouths, Central West Coast of India
Name of the Journal: International Research in Environment, Geography and Earth Science Published by International Publisher, London. July 2020, Print ISBN 978-93-90768, eBook ISBN 978-81-949988-6-0, Building excellence in HE is through enhanced teaching-Learning Platforms. International Journal of Advance and Innovative Research.
Volume: Volume-6(1) 9-11
Year: 2019
7.
Authors Name: Dr.Santhosh Murnal
Title of the paper: Seismic performance of buried pipelines under different soil
Name of the Journal: The Institution of Engineers (India) Springer December (2018) 
Volume: 689-698 Springer
Year: 2018
8.
Authors Name: Reashma P S
Title of the paper: Development of unmodified Binder specifications for India.
Name of the Journal: Springer International Publishing
Volume: Volume 3-17
Year: 2017
9.
Authors Name: Dr.Shalini.G
Title of the paper: Potentials of Rare earth and other placer mineral occurrence along the northern Karnataka coast India.
Name of the Journal: Indian Journal of Geo-marine sciences
Volume: Volume-44(8) 519-527
Year: 2017
10.
Authors Name: Dr.Savithrikaranth
Title of the paper: Shear and impact strength of waste plastic fibre reinforced concrete
Name of the Journal: Advances in concrete construction
Volume: Volume 5(2) 173-182
Year: 2017
11.
Authors Name: Dr.Srinivasa.C.V
Title of the paper: Land use and Land cover Changes and their Impacts in pampa river basin in kerala : A Remote sensing Based Analysis
Name of the Journal: Journal of Geomatics
Volume: Volume 11(1) 98-103
Year: 2016
12.
Authors Name: Dr.Srinivasa.C.V
Title of the paper: A time Series analysis of Spatial and temporal distribution of rain fall at pampa river basin kerala
Name of the Journal: Journal of Geomatics
Volume: Volume 11(1) 99-101
Year: 2016
13.
Authors Name: Dr.Mayaja.N.A
Title of the paper: Land use and Land cover Changes and their Impacts in pampa river basin in kerala : A Remote sensing Based Analysis
Name of the Journal: Journal of Geomatics
Volume: Volume 11(1) 98-103
Year: 2016
14.
Authors Name: BN.Suma
Title of the paper: Location Identification for water conservation and quality assurance
Name of the Journal: Elsevier
Volume: Aquatic procedia 41134-1141
Year: 2015
15.
Authors Name: Dr.Srinivasa.C
Title of the paper: Location Identification for water conservation and quality assurance
Name of the Journal: Elsevier
Volume: Aquatic procedia 41134-1141
Year: 2015
16.
Authors Name: Dr.Santhosh Murnal
Title of the paper: Stress-strain behaviour of reactive powder concrete
Name of the Journal: Journal of structural Engineering (SERC)
Volume: Volume 42(6) 579-588
Year: 2015
17.
Authors Name: Dr.Santhosh Murnal
Title of the paper: Quantification of Hydration products in powder Concrete
Name of the Journal: Indian Concrete Journal
Volume: Volume 89 64-72
Year: 2015
18.
Authors Name: Dr.Shalini.G
Title of the paper: Evolution of Diverging spits across the tropical river mouths, central west coast of India
Name of the Journal: Journal of Coastal Zone Management
Volume: Volume-18(2) 1000402
Year: 2015```

These are the details related to:- mba-faculty/gat-mba-faculty/Global-Academy-of-Technology-mba-faculty:
```Faculty
Prof. N Venkatesh Kumar: Ph.D (HOD/Head of the Department-MBA)
I extend warm welcome and my hearty congratulations to all students who have chosen to pursue their career goals through the Department of Management Studies. Today, MBA is considered as the basic prerequisite for management positions be it in Finance, Marketing, and HR department of an organization. The modern-day challenging business environment increases the demand for business executives who understands the constantly changing nature of business and how organizations must adapt to maintain their competitive advantage. The MBA program at GAT aims at building real skills to handle these challenges by the students to fit into the corporate world through our well-structured program and delivery. The department is well geared up and committed to provide through its various activities, ample opportunities to the students, to sharpen their talents and to hone their skills in the chosen specialization. Our highly qualified and experienced and committed faculties are fine-tuned to guide the students in preparing themselves for facing the outside world. We focus on providing soft skills with special emphasis on spoken English, role plays, case discussions, mock interviews, group discussions etc as part of our teaching learning process. Further, regular Entrepreneurship Development programmes are conducted to inculcate the entrepreneurial thoughts among our students, to become as the job provides than the job seekers.
Come and join us in the Journey of aspiration.
Wishing you all Good Luck
Below are the faculty details of MBA department:
1. Prof. Dharmendra Rao
2. Dr. Sriyank Levi
3. Dr. Roopa Karnam
4. Prof. Avinash Chakravarthy
5. Dr. T Kishore Kumar
6. Prof. Shreelatha H S
7. Prof. Sriyank Levi
8. Prof. Anitha G H
9. Prof. Anand Guled
10. Prof. Sandhya Y Umesh
11. Prof. Sindhu K K
12. Prof. Mohammad Yusuf
13. Prof. Sarah Merlyn
Masters in Business Administration```

These are the details related to:- alumni/alumni-association/achievements/gat-alumni/Global-Academy-of-Technology-alumni:
```Alumni Association is vital to Global Academy of Technology and all our Alumni's are our brand ambassadors. The Alumni Association is critical in increasing the profile of the institution and we would love to keep in touch with you. Please take a few minutes out to complete the form.
Management, Principal and Staff of Global Academy of Technology congratulates the alumni achieving UPSC Ranks.
Alumni Achievements of GAT:
1.
Name: Suraj D
USN: 1GA13CS159, 2017 Graduated
Achievement: UPSC 197th Rank
2.
Name: VAISHAK BAGHEE
USN: 1GA11ME057, 2015 Pass out From Mech Engg Dept
Achievement: UPSC 744 rank
Alumni```

These are the details related to:- ai-datascience-overview/gat-ai-datascience-overview/Global-Academy-of-Technology-ai-datascience-overview:
```Introduction
1. With the recent convergence of transformative set of technologies, economies are entering a period in which artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to lead in the new era and overcome the physical limitations and open-up new sources of value and growth. According to Accenture’s Technology Vision 2017, AI has the potential to double annual economic growth rates by 2035.
2. To avoid missing out on this opportunity, policy makers and business leaders must prepare for, and work toward, a future with artificial intelligence. They must do so not with the idea that AI is simply another productivity enhancer. Rather, they must see AI as the tool that can transform our thinking about how growth is created.
3. We @ Global Academy of Technology are starting the new branch Artificial Intelligence and Data Science to make young minds ready to enter into the era of AI and create the path to an AI future / to create a complete ecosystem for Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Academics/Research @ GAT.
4. Under the visionary leader Dr. N. Ranapratap Reddy, Principal, GAT, along with the curriculum, the branch is collaborating with many Top IT industries to train students from the industry perspective and make them industry ready.
Program Specific Outcomes of AI-Data science department:
1. After successful completion of Artificial Intelligence and Data Science program
2. Design, develop and implement applications and system software.
3. Develop intelligent solutions using Data Science technologies to cater the societal needs.
Program Educational Outcomes of AI-Data science department:
Graduates in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science will be able to:
1. Ability to exhibit professional skills as Data Analysts to develop intelligent solutions for various engineering and science applications.
2. Imbibe passion for life-long learning, innovation, career-growth, leadership qualities, and professional ethics.
3. Efficient team leaders, effective communicators and capable of working in multidisciplinary environment as entrepreneurs and contribute to cutting edge technologies and society.
Artificial Intelligence```

These are the details related to:- anti-sexual-harassment-committee/gat-anti-sexual-harassment-committee/Global-Academy-of-Technology-anti-sexual-harassment-committee:
```Global Academy of technology has committed itself to provide a safe and secure environment to all the students, teaching, and non-teaching staff. We want to ensure that the environment if free from violence, harassment, and discrimination on the bases of gender.
Every member is expected to be aware of the commitment to the right to freedom of expression and association, it strongly supports gender equality and opposes any form of gender discrimination and violence.
The Anti -sexual harassment committee has been formed to ensure that the above agenda is met. The committee’s primary functions are :
1. To facilitate a safe environment that is free of sexual harassment.
2. To promote behaviours that creates an atmosphere that ensures gender equality and equal opportunities.
3. To take necessary steps to create awareness.
4. In case of breach of the of this moral code, a written complaint is received from the ggrieved person & necessary action is taken, preferably to settle the matter through counselling and conciliation as soon as possible.
5. To report any issue kindly send an email to –
6. We assure that issues shall be viewed in an unbiased manner and shall be kept anonymous to non-members of the committee.
Statutory Committees of Anti-sexual harassment cell:
1.
Name: Dr. N. Suma
Position: Chairman
Gender: F
2.
Name: Dr. Savitri Karanth
Position: Member
Gender: F
3.
Name: Mrs. Poornima K
Position: Member
Gender: F
4.
Name: Mrs Preethi S
Position: Member
Gender: F
5.
Name: Mrs Saraswati
Position: Member
Gender: F
Anti-sexual harassment cell
Submit```

